{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20111011", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20111011", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\n00:00\u00a0<lpereira>\u00a0has quit  \n00:27\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0has quit  \n00:54\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n04:29\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has quit  \n07:12\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has quit  \n07:12\u00a0<cjdelisl1>\u00a0has quit  \n07:12\u00a0<npm>\u00a0has quit  \n07:12\u00a0<SvenDowideit>\u00a0has quit  \n07:12\u00a0<pgmjsd>\u00a0has quit  \n07:12\u00a0<JuanDaugherty>\u00a0has quit  \n07:13\u00a0<pturcotte>\u00a0has quit  \n07:13\u00a0<heeere>\u00a0has quit  \n07:13\u00a0<sburjan`>\u00a0has quit  \n07:13\u00a0<xipe>\u00a0has quit  \n07:14\u00a0<pturcotte>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<sburjan`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<JuanDaugherty>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<cjdelisl1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<npm>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<SvenDowideit>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<heeere>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<pgmjsd>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<xipe>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:54\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:55\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0has quit  \n07:56\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: I wonder if https://github.com/xwiki/xwiki-repository/ must be released  \n07:56\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I haven't done that for M3 and RC-1  \n07:57\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I'm done with the 3.2 release notes, just doing a final read, can you check them as well?  \n08:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Hi sdumitriu. Hmmm\u2026. We need to ask Thomas. Personally I'd like to remove it  \n08:03\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0because IMO we're going the other way, ie make stuff installable as extensions instead of having distributions  \n08:03\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I talked to thomas about it actually (I remember now) and what he said is that he had this distribution purely for the functional tests  \n08:03\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0So, don't release  \n08:04\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so IMO this could possibly even be moved inside the functional tests  \n08:04\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(in XE)  \n08:04\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes don't release now, let's wait for to hear from thomas  \n08:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0reading RN now  \n08:05\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0It's not a dependency for the other repositories, so I can start the release now and maybe start later the release for XR if needed  \n08:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yep  \n08:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0btw I \u00a0haven't pushed the RC1 to central, need to do that  \n08:07\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes, saw that too  \n08:16\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0very nice RN sdumitriu :)  \n08:16\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I think we should add the browsers that this version supports  \n08:17\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes  \n08:17\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0But sburjan` is the one that knows that  \n08:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok we'll ask him to add it  \n08:18\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Do you agree with the HTTPS statement?  \n08:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes  \n08:18\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0We need to add documentation for it  \n08:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0isn't it a given?  \n08:18\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I can add it after I start the release (updating translations now)  \n08:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0like we don't say that we support HTTP either  \n08:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0where would you document that?  \n08:19\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0In the adminguide, installation or configuration, not sure yet  \n08:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok  \n08:19\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I mean. not that we support it, how to configure it in different ways  \n08:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0that yes definitely  \n08:19\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Jetty, tomcat, mod-ajp  \n08:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0missing explanation on how to turn off CSRF in the RN I think  \n08:20\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Alex said he'll do it  \n08:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'd move the part about \"If your application has been broken\" to the bottom of hte page  \n08:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0in the compat section  \n08:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0good idea to do the jira dashboard thing again  \n08:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we forgot it for 3.1 it seems  \n08:25\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I can add it, but it's a bit late  \n08:25\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:25\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: around ?  \n08:26\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Yep  \n08:26\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Was waiting for you  \n08:26\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0what do you think about what Denis said on query plugin ?  \n08:27\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0i.e. \"let's remove the displaySearch methods they don't work anyway\" to summarize  \n08:27\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:27\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0+0.9  \n08:28\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0:)  \n08:28\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Missing 0.1 because it's API breakage, even if the method doesn't work at all  \n08:28\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0We could add them in an aspect with an empty implementation  \n08:28\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0i.e. do nothing, return empty string  \n08:29\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0if its an aspect it does not have to be empty method but the thing is I don't know yet how to put interface method in aspect  \n08:33\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0IMO it's either move it to aspect without touching anything but need to find how or simply remove the display method and retire, not sure it worth the effort to aspect methods that don't work. If nobody is using it it's not going to break much.  \n08:34\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Indeed  \n08:34\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0So, to check, should I release XR for 3.2?  \n08:35\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0(does not prevent me to find how to handle interface declaration since we will need it for sure sometime)  \n08:36\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: I would I said yes but vmassol is not very found of adding another product so I guess we will need to discuss it during 3.3, it's not critical anyway since there is only packaging in XR like with XEM  \n08:36\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0s/found/fond/  \n08:38\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0OK  \n08:38\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Can you check the release notes, see if what I said about the extension manager is correct, and if you have something else to add?  \n08:38\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesXWikiEnterprise32  \n08:43\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sure  \n08:43\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: note that I generally list all the new stuff for each version in the extension manager page  \n08:44\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Where's that?  \n08:44\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0http://extensions.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Extension/Extension+Module  \n08:44\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0there is an History section  \n08:45\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes, seen it now  \n08:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes I'm not fond of this new repository. We should discuss it during 3.3. So I'd prefer not to release till we've concluded on it  \n08:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(github repository that is)  \n08:46\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: \"The UI now reports the progress of ongoing actions performed by the extension manager.\" there is a log of what happen but there is not javascipt on UI side for the dynamic progress even if there is everything needed on backend to implement it  \n08:47\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0not sure if you meant dynamic or not  \n08:49\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0\"transforming any XWiki instance into an extension repository\" that existed already in 3.1 actually but the REST protocol has been rewritten in 3.2  \n08:50\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0tmortagne: Can you edit that?  \n08:50\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I'm on it  \n08:50\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0this part should link to the extension page for the Repository Application  \n08:50\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Thanks  \n08:50\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: I don't see one, missing?  \n08:51\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: on it too  \n08:51\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0(adding links for everything I can)  \n08:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok  \n08:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0btw where is it in platform/ ?  \n08:52\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0looks like we don't get log here for minor edit  \n08:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0xwiki-platform-extension-ui?  \n08:52\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0yes as I told you the other day there is nothing in XWiki Repository product but packaging  \n08:52\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0no that's extension manager UI  \n08:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0re minor edits that's strange, I've seen them logged  \n08:53\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0the server UI is in xwiki-platform-extension-repository-xwiki  \n08:53\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0well I just saved with save and continue  \n08:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0for ex at 8:16 this morning here  \n08:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0maybe it's because of the save&continue?  \n08:53\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0it's not supposed to change the event  \n08:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0would be interesting to check if the events are sent  \n08:54\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Nope, works with S&C also  \n08:54\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0it still use XWiki#saveDoducment  \n08:54\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: can you tell me where is the repository application in platform?  \n08:54\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Maybe xwikibot is a bit slow this morning  \n08:54\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: (08:53:25 AM) tmortagne: the server UI is in xwiki-platform-extension-repository-xwiki  \n08:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok missed the message, sorry  \n08:55\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ha seems to work this time  \n08:55\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0save and continue agai  \n08:56\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0found it: xwiki-platform-extension-repository-xwiki-server-ui, thanks  \n08:56\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0weird we did not received the other one, checking if it really save something  \n08:57\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0yep looks like the first one did not added new version  \n08:57\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0maybe I dreamed clicking on it :)  \n08:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: just to be sure, I think we need to have 2 specific extensions on extensions.xwiki.org: one for the EM Application and one for the Repository Application (in addition to the Extension Module). Do we agree?  \n08:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0oops I'm late for my gym\u2026got to go\u2026 bb in 1 hour  \n09:00\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: I guess but right now there is pretty much none actually since it's only general extension manager documentation  \n09:03\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: should be all I think  \n09:04\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Thanks  \n09:04\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0By the way, congratulations on taking the lead on the number of issues solved in 3.2  \n09:05\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0did I ? :)  \n09:06\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Yep, check the dashboard http://jira.xwiki.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10581  \n09:06\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: actually looks like you still have the bugfixing lead  \n09:07\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a017 new features sounds a lot but 3.2 was long  \n10:08\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: btw Im' not sure if we should this type of issue a new feature: http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-6957 ?  \n10:17\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:17\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: it is a new feature, that's something you could not do before  \n10:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so a bug fix is a new feature too?  \n10:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n10:17\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0from components POV  \n10:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0beciase you couldn't do it before either  \n10:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(wasn't working)  \n10:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0just kidding  \n10:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0everything we commit is somethng you coudl'nt do before  \n10:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I meant something you were not supposed to be able to do  \n10:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but yes I think we have 2 types of new features  \n10:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0- for end users  \n10:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0- for developers  \n10:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(although I woudln't call a new api a \"feature\")  \n10:19\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0XWIKI-6957  \n10:19\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I don't see why new feature should be restrained to UI...  \n10:19\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: Why doesn't xwikibot fetch issues?  \n10:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0because that's what you expect  \n10:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0when you read \"new feature\"  \n10:19\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0no that's what you expect :)  \n10:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0not me  \n10:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0want to bet?  \n10:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we can ask people  \n10:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0how much are you willing to bet?  \n10:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(money wise)  \n10:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I expect to be able to do new things that be UI or dev  \n10:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n10:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0XWiki is a development platform  \n10:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sure so you'll win  \n10:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0still want to bet?  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0btw  \n10:21\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: so what you are saying is that there can't be any new feature is thing like apache-commons basically ?  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0xwiki is not just a dev platform  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0for 99% of people it's a wiki  \n10:21\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Personally, I'd call 6957 task or at most improvement  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yep agreed with sdumitriu  \n10:21\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I did not said it was just a dev platform but I don''t agree with you its just a wiki  \n10:21\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Since it's an improvement of an existing component  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0or maybe we need a \"New API\" jira issue  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but that's a bit cumbersome  \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0did I say xwiki is jsut a wiki?  \n10:22\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0But I don't generally agree that new APIs are never new features  \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0my sentence is: \"for 99% of people it's a wiki\"  \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sds   \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0agreed  \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: agreed  \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0like for example the new display module is ok to be a new feature IMO  \n10:22\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: by saying new feature is only UI thats what you sat yes IMO  \n10:23\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Depends on the size of the issue, since sometimes new APIs are introduced not as the feature itself, but in support of the implementation of a new feature  \n10:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but adding a new api to an existing module isn't imo  \n10:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0when thomas said that in XE 3.2 we have 17 new features it seems alot  \n10:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but in fact a lot of those are not new features  \n10:23\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: How should we call XEM now, \"XWiki Enterpise Manager\" or \"XWiki Manager\"?  \n10:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0they're just improvmeents of existing features  \n10:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: right now the agreed naming is XWki Enterprise Manager I think  \n10:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I don't think we changed that  \n10:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(don't remember at least)  \n10:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: I think we could agree that a new module is a new feature  \n10:25\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: what are \"lot of those\" ?  \n10:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: but that adding a new method in an existing api isn't  \n10:25\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I don't think it's a valid rule, adding a new method could be a totally new stuff even if it's an existing module  \n10:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0that's not the issue tmortagne  \n10:26\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the issue is that when you mix very large stuff with very small stuff it doesn't mean aynthing anymore  \n10:26\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0you look at the \"feature\" tag in jira when you want to see large new stuff  \n10:27\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0\"large stuff\" is not my definition of feature  \n10:28\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-6947 is definitley not a new feature, it's an improvement IMO  \n10:28\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0same for http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-6926  \n10:28\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0same: http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-6924  \n10:29\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I already changed XWIKI-6947  \n10:29\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0btw is this a runtime feature or is only at build time: http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-6826  \n10:29\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0?  \n10:29\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I think its targeting build from what I understood  \n10:29\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I guess only buildtime  \n10:30\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok I'll fix the component  \n10:30\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0hecking git first  \n10:30\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yep it's in test/  \n10:30\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Almost done with the release...  \n10:31\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: I see XR issues listed in http://jira.xwiki.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=10581  \n10:31\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0for now it's wrong I think  \n10:31\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes  \n10:32\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0The version should be renamed  \n10:32\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I'll do that  \n10:32\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0it should probably not search in all projects  \n10:33\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0since there could be contrib project with the same version as XE but which has nothing to do with it  \n10:33\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ok it's only top Level, I guess it's ok  \n10:33\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0It searches in Top Level Projects  \n10:34\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0hmm there is top level project with difference versions  \n10:34\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0like xeclipse  \n10:35\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: BTW watch is still listen in top level project, but maybe you did not finished yet moving it  \n10:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: where is this?  \n10:35\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0in top level projects  \n10:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0link?  \n10:36\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0jire home page  \n10:36\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0jira  \n10:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0oh I forgot jira  \n10:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0doing it now  \n10:37\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0done  \n10:37\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0thanks for noticing it  \n10:40\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0finally found how to put interface methods in aspect  \n10:40\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: what do you think about what Denis said on query plugin ?  \n10:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I need to read up, I haven't followed this thread actually  \n10:41\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Release done in about 40 seconds  \n10:41\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Ah, plus sending the email  \n10:41\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0to summarize: \"let's remove the displaySearch methods they don't work anyway\"  \n10:41\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol:  \n10:41\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I need to do that in the release script as well  \n10:42\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: +1 to remove them but I don't know enough about whether we need to move them to legacy or not. I'd say yes to legacy  \n10:42\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0instead of putting them to legacy  \n10:42\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: if we move them to legacy I don't see why we would remove them  \n10:42\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0remove from oldcore I meant  \n10:42\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0the question is either move to legacy or remove  \n10:43\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0without knowing more I'd say legacy  \n10:43\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0of course it will be moved from oldccore  \n10:43\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: Watch broken link on http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Download  \n10:43\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: fixing  \n10:44\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0you have the lock  \n10:44\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0It's not in the page, IIRC  \n10:44\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0It's in an included doc  \n10:44\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0right  \n10:44\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0need to find it  \n10:45\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0found it http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/DownloadCode/DownloadOther  \n10:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0retiring concerto in jira  \n10:48\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Any idea why this gives 404? http://download.forge.objectweb.org/xwiki/xwiki-enterprise-installer-windows-3.2.exe  \n10:48\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Could be a mirror delay issue?  \n10:48\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0we can probably remove stuff about old plugins and applications in http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/DownloadCode/DownloadOther  \n10:50\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0The link from here also fails: http://forge.ow2.org/project/download.php?group\\_id=170&file\\_id=17138  \n10:50\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: maybe but that's the first time I see this, download used to work right after version being pushed to oW2  \n10:50\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I'm blaming OW2 forge problem  \n10:52\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu, vmassol: could you answer in the mail about query plugin so that I can finish with it  \n10:56\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: ok to remove the lines about old plugins and applications \u00a0in http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/DownloadCode/DownloadOther ?  \n10:56\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0since they are included in platform now  \n10:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: ok  \n10:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(for removing the lines)  \n10:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0what is \"http://xoffice.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Repository/WebHome#HLatestSnapshots\"  \n10:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0?  \n11:00\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Xoffice no?  \n11:00\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has quit  \n11:01\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: the plugin for MS Word is called XWord, we decided of the name XOffice when we started the openoffice plugin for the GSOC  \n11:01\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the top level project is XOffice so I've renamed it  \n11:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: have you updated your release scripts with the issues found by tmortagne during RC1 release?  \n11:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(a lot of versions were wrong in master)  \n11:05\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: that's more a branch issue than a release one I think  \n11:05\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Not yet, but it's on my TODO list  \n11:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I don't know if it's part of his release script or not  \n11:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: ok  \n11:06\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0looks like mvn branch as been executed without all the profiles  \n11:06\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Actually I did update one thing, the fact that the integration tests and rendering bundle weren't updated  \n11:07\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0But I still have to check if I can update some of the variables and clirr configuration automatically  \n11:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: don't you think that the \"Improvements to the Suggestion and Spotlight Search widgets\" could be in the user section (instead of in the developer one) in the RN  \n11:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0never mind  \n11:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0it contains both but it's not that important, I was finding the screenshot nice and visual  \n11:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and wanted to make sure users saw it  \n11:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: why don't you use this filter for the 3.2 dashboard: http://jira.xwiki.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&requestId=10991 ?  \n11:12\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(the one you have now is too dangerous btw, when Xeclipse reaches version 3.2 for ex it's going to change the XE 3.2 dashboard ;))  \n11:12\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Because it's too long  \n11:12\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0long?  \n11:13\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0But yes, it's safer  \n11:13\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the fitler exists  \n11:13\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0you can just use it  \n11:13\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0instead of creating a new one  \n11:18\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0OK, the artifacts are on OW2  \n11:34\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:38\u00a0<+Denis>\u00a0cjdelisl1, sdumitriu, vmassol, ... : no comment about my latest two votes regarding database migration and document ids ? I would like to commit them today on master, if no one is opposed\u2026  \n11:40\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Denis: I'd like to comment later today, but I have to sleep a little. It's 5:40 AM here  \n11:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Denis: sorry I didn't take the time to read it.. it was a long \u00a0mail so I parked it for later reading and haven't done so yet\u2026 I'm finishing uploading to central and I'll try to find some time after I reply to thomas mail first ;)  \n11:43\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Release done, good night!  \n11:45\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: answered  \n11:47\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a03.2RC1 pushed to central (commons/rendering)\u2026 should be there in a few hours  \n11:48\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:48\u00a0<+Denis>\u00a0vmassol: ok, thanks  \n11:54\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n11:55\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has quit  \n11:55\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has quit  \n12:08\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:09\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:11\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:12\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:20\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0seems we have a config issue on xwiki.org:  \n12:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a02011-10-11 12:24:22,564 [http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/export/DevGuide/WebHome?format=pdf&includechilds=2&pagebreaks=1&attachments=1] WARN \u00a0c.x.x.p.i.PdfURLFactory \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0- Failed to save image for PDF export  \n12:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0java.io.IOException: No such file or directory  \n12:25\u00a0<vmassol> at java.io.UnixFileSystem.createFileExclusively(Native Method) ~[na:1.6.0\\_12]  \n12:25\u00a0<vmassol> at java.io.File.checkAndCreate(File.java:1704) ~[na:1.6.0\\_12]  \n12:25\u00a0<vmassol> at java.io.File.createTempFile(File.java:1792) ~[na:1.6.0\\_12]  \n12:25\u00a0<vmassol> at com.xpn.xwiki.pdf.impl.PdfURLFactory.getURL(PdfURLFactory.java:106) ~[xwiki-platform-oldcore-3.1.1.jar:na]  \n12:27\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0must be coming form:  \n12:27\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0File tempdir = (File) context.get(\"pdfexportdir\");  \n12:27\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0return File.createTempFile(\"pdf\", \".\" + FilenameUtils.getExtension(key), tempdir);  \n12:49\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n13:10\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has quit  \n13:14\u00a0<pturcotte>\u00a0has quit  \n13:23\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n13:31\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:20\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has quit  \n14:21\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:23\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n14:23\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:50\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: hello. Starting to test RC1.  \n14:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0wait  \n14:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0why would you test RC1?  \n14:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a03.2 final has been released already :)  \n14:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: could you update the 3.2 final Release Notes to add the list of supported browsers?  \n14:51\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0vmassol: this after testing .... is not ideal IMO  \n14:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0evalica: not sure what you're saying  \n14:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0are you talking to sburjan?  \n14:52\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: when was 3.2 released ? I knew it was for next monday  \n14:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: we talked about it several times....  \n14:52\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0I mean ... from what I understood you now suggested that we should test after the release ... especially in Mx, RC cases  \n14:52\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n14:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0what???  \n14:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0definitely not  \n14:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0where did I say that? :)  \n14:53\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: you said that to me too  \n14:53\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0I know from sburjan  \n14:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0nope  \n14:53\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0that the testing should be made after m1, m2, RC1  \n14:53\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes  \n14:54\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0depends what you call \"release\u00e9\"  \n14:54\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0what I told Sorin  \n14:54\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0\\_any\\_ minor release  \n14:54\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a01) he must tests as soon as RC1 is released so that we can fix stuff before final  \n14:54\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a02) if he can he should test after each milestone too so that stuff can get fixed in the next milestone/RC  \n14:55\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0yes  \n14:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so 1) is mandatory for me while 2) is a good to have  \n14:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0there's a 3) actually  \n14:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a03) whenever FF or chrome release a new version Sorin should test on that version ASAP  \n14:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(so that we decide if we're going to support that browser in the current version being developed)  \n14:56\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0exactly  \n14:56\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0cool so we agree  \n14:56\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0vmassol: k thanks for the explanations ... considering that we have limited number of resources let's say it ok  \n14:56\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the problem here I guess is that sorin was too late for the RC1 testing which is bad  \n14:56\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0but I didn't knew 3.2 final was already out  \n14:56\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: again  \n14:56\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0there's a page listing the dates (+ we discussed it)  \n14:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the roadmap page  \n14:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the release date for 3.2 has not changed at all since the beginning  \n14:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we were just late by one day  \n14:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(which isn't too bad :))  \n14:58\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0yeah :D  \n14:58\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0ok, I am going to update the Release Notes page with the suported browsers  \n14:58\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0\\*supported  \n14:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0thanks  \n14:59\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: I tested RC1, but I didn't finished  \n14:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok  \n14:59\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0but at least we fixed the internet issue, now the test machines are usable again  \n15:02\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n15:03\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:05\u00a0<mflorea1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:05\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n15:05\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: should I put the supported browsers at the top or at the bottom of the release notes ?  \n15:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: I'd create a new section just before http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesXWikiEnterprise32#HKnownissues  \n15:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\"Supported Browsers\"  \n15:06\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0ok. Have a template for release notes ? or not yet ?  \n15:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0not yet but we should use our template feature  \n15:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'll create one  \n15:08\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: ping me when you have added the section  \n15:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesXWikiEnterprise32#HSupportedBrowsers  \n15:11\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: so I should just enum them, using bullets and specifying exact version  \n15:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes  \n15:11\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0executing  \n15:15\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: updated  \n15:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok Release notes template added but not sure if it's useful....  \n15:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we might want to write a release notes class instead  \n15:21\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0any idea how can I force jetty to bing to a IPv4 address ? I am having some issues where it binds on a IpV6 address  \n15:23\u00a0<sburjan`>\u00a0has quit  \n15:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: http://tinyurl.com/44pxrp2 :)  \n15:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: that said we're supposed to work fine with ipv6 now  \n15:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(this is what I use and it works for me)  \n15:25\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0yes, but I am having this on a 2.7  \n15:27\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ah 2.7 yes, we fixed it after I think  \n15:28\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0!jira ipv6  \n15:36\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0:|  \n15:38\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0why are you sad?  \n15:38\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(I provided the answer to you above)  \n15:38\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(the workaround)  \n15:39\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0yes, it worked :)  \n15:39\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0but I also searched on JIRA before asking and I didn't found the issue  \n15:39\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0this is why I had a long face  \n15:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok  \n15:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0np  \n15:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0searching for ipv6 on jira worked for me  \n15:42\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0yes, now I've found it too. Maybe I need to learn how to search on Jira ;)  \n15:43\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0ok, starting with 3.3 I will update the MTR Template to illustrate our new browsing support strategy  \n15:52\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0agent-4 is starting to produce SIGSEGV too...  \n16:20\u00a0<xwikibot>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:29\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has quit  \n18:39\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Who wants to be the release manager for 3.3?  \n18:42\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0evalica: I'd replace float:left with display: inline-block + vertical-align: top for the browser list  \n18:42\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0WDYT?  \n18:43\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has quit  \n18:43\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0it's working now...  \n18:44\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0with the float  \n18:44\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0but I guess is better like you say :) thanks sergiu  \n18:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0mflorea1: Should we remove the support for IE6/7 from the build of the WYSIWYG?  \n18:47\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Don't remove the code, just not use it  \n18:47\u00a0<mflorea1>\u00a0sdumitriu: for 3.3? I'm +1  \n18:57\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n19:03\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0evalica: very nice macro. It will make my job easier.  \n19:04\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0thanks  \n19:11\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0maybe we could integrate it also in the future ReleaseNotes template  \n19:13\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0right now it's just in the ReleaseNotes ... i though the support is different for each version that's why I didn't put it in the template  \n19:20\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has quit  \n19:24\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n19:42\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:51\u00a0<mflorea1>\u00a0has quit  \n19:52\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has quit  \n20:02\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:06\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n20:07\u00a0<npm>\u00a0has quit  \n20:17\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:22\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:22\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n20:31\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has quit  \n20:32\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:40\u00a0<lpereira>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:55\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has quit  \n21:18\u00a0<npm>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n21:50\u00a0<sburjan`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n22:25\u00a0<npm>\u00a0has quit  \n22:46\u00a0<npm>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n\n"}