{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20080822", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20080822", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki on 22 August 2008 - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 00:51): Design.NewWysiwygEditorInterface was modified by xwiki:XWiki.GuillaumeLerouge - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/NewWysiwygEditorInterface  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 04:01): GoogleSummerOfCode.WebDAVApi2008 was modified by xwiki:XWiki.asiri - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/GoogleSummerOfCode/WebDAVApi2008  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 08:38): XWiki.VidyaKhairnar was modified by XWiki.VidyaKhairnar (Created user) - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/XWiki/VidyaKhairnar  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 09:04): XWiki.VidyaKhairnar was modified by XWiki.VidyaKhairnar (Created user) - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/XWiki/VidyaKhairnar  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 09:07): XWiki.VidyaKhairnar was modified by XWiki.VidyaKhairnar - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/XWiki/VidyaKhairnar  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 09:12): XWiki.VidyaKhairnar was modified by XWiki.VidyaKhairnar - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/XWiki/VidyaKhairnar  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 09:15): XWiki.VidyaKhairnar was modified by XWiki.VidyaKhairnar - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/XWiki/VidyaKhairnar  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 09:52): XWiki.VidyaKhairnar was modified by XWiki.VincentMassol (deleted document) - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/XWiki/VidyaKhairnar  \nasyd - (22/08/2008 09:52): ola people  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 09:52): ola que tal?  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 09:53): vmassol: what's ola mean?  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 09:55): Macros.WebHome was modified by xwiki:XWiki.VincentMassol (Removed error in newly add info box. This was not correct.) - http://code.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Macros/  \nasyd - (22/08/2008 09:56): daning: \"hi\" :)  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 10:21): vmassol: Just so that I am clear. if I attach a .pdf to a page on a wiki that requires authentication. Will the document be protected or will it be viewable by anyone  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 10:24): Bburns: good question. Not sure. You should try it...  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 10:25): the page will not be accessible if the user don't have the rights but you need to check if the download url is accessible or not  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 10:25): if it is then it should be considered as a bug  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 10:25): yes, exactly what I thought. The thing is I am sure I tried it before and the document was accessible but when I try it now it is not accessible  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 10:26): vmassol: are the documents stored in the db?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 10:26): Bburns: yes  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 10:27): ok, well I will try again and at that stage I suppose I will have to assume it is secure?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 10:28): yep  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:39): vmassol: are you there?  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:40): can someone see if they can gain access to a document on my wiki please? the document is at http://www.digitaltv-wiki.com/bin/download/Main/WebHome/test.pdf  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:41): anyone?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:43): Bburns: can you give the url?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:43): (I can't see it)  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:44): oh, strange (vmassol) - > http://www.digitaltv-wiki.com/bin/download/Main/WebHome/test.pdf  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:44): can you see that?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:45): nope  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:45): nope meaning you can't see the link or you can't see the document?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:46): I can't see it  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:46): vmassol: you can't see what I wrote on irc or you can't see the dodument on the wiki?  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:47): \\*document  \nBC-bd - (22/08/2008 11:47): Bburns: gives me a login required window  \nBC-bd - (22/08/2008 11:48): Please Login to view the Digital TV Wiki. For further information please contact [[email\u00a0protected]](https://dev.xwiki.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:48): just give me the link so access it and I'll be able to try it out  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:48): ok, perfect, thank you (BC-bd)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:48): Bburns: ah it works actually  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:48): vmassol: I don't understand, I have given u the link twice  \nBC-bd - (22/08/2008 11:48): Bburns: you are welcome  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:48): I could only see a question mark in my irc client  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:48): but clicking on it worked anyway  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:48): ah ok  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:48): so yes I also have a login windows  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:48): s/windows/window  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:49): aok so we reckon the document is safe?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:49): I don't know  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:49): I can't see the url you sent  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:49): was it a url using the download action?  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:49): http://www. digitaltv-wiki. com/bin/download/Main/WebHome/test. pdf  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:50): can you see that?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:50): yep  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:50): I have put a space after every .  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:51): yes it\"'s safe  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 11:51): you're safe  \nBburns - (22/08/2008 11:51): ok great, thank you  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 12:12): vmassol: I think I finish the code clean and the document. I will send a email to the dev list soon.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 12:13): daning: cool ok  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 12:20): Design.OfficeConverter was modified by xwiki:XWiki.daning - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/OfficeConverter  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 12:34): vmassol: OK. I submit the code and send the email to the list. I will work on the xhtmlparser and htmlcleaner.   \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 12:35): daning: so it means I can review it for inclusion right?  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 12:35): vmassol: I will follow the plan in http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/OfficeConverter#HConvertxhtmltoxwikisyntax20  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 12:35): vmassol: Yes. You can review now.   \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 12:36): daning: ok will do this afternoon  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 12:36): vmassol: I gonna to have dinner. See you.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 12:36): bfn  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 12:46): Design.NewWysiwygEditorInterface was modified by xwiki:XWiki.GuillaumeLerouge - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/NewWysiwygEditorInterface  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 12:59): vmassol: Is it possible to get the value of a xwiki.cfg param in velocity? I have the xwiki.wysiwygnew param for enabling/disabling the new editor. I'd like to get its value in a template like edit.vm  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 13:02): there is a Param method in XWiki, but AFAIK is not accessile in the api. If I write $context.xwiki.Param I might have problems regarding the with programing rights, no?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 13:16): mflorea: going for lunch now. I don't know the answer, would need to search for it  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 13:16): :) ok, thanks  \ngpaul44 - (22/08/2008 13:57): vmassol: has anybody corrected the bug from administration>groups ?  \ngpaul44 - (22/08/2008 13:57): the tests from UserGroupsRightsManagement are failing because of it  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 13:57): gpaul44: I don't think so. It needs to be done ASAP though and before the 1.6M1 release  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 13:57): gpaul44: I thought you were looking into it actually :)  \ngpaul44 - (22/08/2008 13:57): vmassol: I'll start look into it  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 13:58): gpaul44: ok that will help a lot thanks  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 14:26): Community.CodeStyle was modified by xwiki:XWiki.VincentMassol - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/CodeStyle  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 14:28): Community.CodeStyle was modified by xwiki:XWiki.VincentMassol - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/CodeStyle  \ngpaul44 - (22/08/2008 15:06): vmassol: I and marius found the problem  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:06): gpaul44: ah great do you know what caused the regression?  \ngpaul44 - (22/08/2008 15:06): check this http://pastebin.com/m4b7a18c4  \ngpaul44 - (22/08/2008 15:07): this is the reason why the groups doesn't appear in the table  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:07): gpaul44: ok but you do know what commit caused the regression,  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:07): ?  \ngpaul44 - (22/08/2008 15:08): now with marius will look over it...  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:08): ok  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:52): thomasmortagne: wdyt about moving IncludeMacroTest to macro/macroinclude\\*.test files?  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 15:53): vmassol: I read your review reply. I will fix it now.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:53): daning: let me know if you have questions  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:53): daning: there are some design things to fix like the removal of Util  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:53): util in general means a design problem  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 15:53): vmassol: I will reply the review later if I have. I will them first ;)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 15:54): vmassol: I will think of them myself first ;)  \nthomasmortagne - (22/08/2008 15:55): vmassol: yes would be better  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:55): ok I'll do it then  \nthomasmortagne - (22/08/2008 15:55): I did it fr toc macro  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 15:59): thomasmortagne: not so easy actually... I need to create a way in the test fwk to have mock components per test  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 16:48): UserGuide.WebHome was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 16:59): FAQ.HowcaniextendtheNewPagepaneltoincludeanotheroptionforegNewFAQ was modified by XWiki.rajeevsa - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/FAQ/HowcaniextendtheNewPagepaneltoincludeanotheroptionforegNewFAQ  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 16:59): mflorea: note that ideally you should have created a configuration module jira issue  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 16:59): UserGuide.WebHome was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 16:59): FAQ.HowcaniextendtheNewPagepaneltoincludeanotheroptionforegNewFAQ was modified by XWiki.rajeevsa (Rollback to version 1.1) - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/FAQ/HowcaniextendtheNewPagepaneltoincludeanotheroptionforegNewFAQ  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:00): FAQ.HowcaniextendtheNewPagepaneltoincludeanotheroptionforegNewFAQ was modified by XWiki.rajeevsa (deleted document) - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/FAQ/HowcaniextendtheNewPagepaneltoincludeanotheroptionforegNewFAQ  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:00): vmassol: a configuration module and a jira issue?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:00): mflorea: you've modified the tools configuration module  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:01): but the issue you've referred to is for xwiki core  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:01): so when we do the release there won't be any issue for tools configuration module and we might forget to release it   \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:01): ok, I got it. What can I do to solve this?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:01): just create an issue in the tools configuration jira project  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:01): it's super important but better do it right I think  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:01): s/super/not super/  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:02): it's more a reminder for us to release it  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:02): (since this is not very user oriented)  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:03): I should do the same with enterprise, application/panels, etc?  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:04): should I create issues for each module I change?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:05): yes for all modules you modify... it's a pain, I know but since they all have different release cycles, I don't see how we can do otherwise. I'd love to find a way though.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:05): s/modules/jira modules  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:05): ok :( it'll take some time  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:06): if you have a better idea let me know! :)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:08): mflorea: the version should be aligned  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:08): so you need to remove \u00a0\u00a0<version>0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:09): vmassol: what do you mean by aligned?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:09): 1.6-SNAPSHOT   \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:09): for all  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:09): since platform web is released all together  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): also I'm not too fond of this (we should remove it for 1.6 release):  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): + \u00a0<!-- This is needed for debuging the new WYSIWYG in hosted mode -->  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): + \u00a0<servlet>  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): + \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0<servlet-name>  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:10): ok, though not so intuitive  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): + \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0com.xpn.xwiki.wysiwyg.server.WysiwygServiceImpl/com.xpn.xwiki.wysiwyg.Wysiwyg/WysiwygService  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): + \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0</servlet-name>  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): + \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0<servlet-class>com.xpn.xwiki.wysiwyg.server.WysiwygServiceImpl</servlet-class>  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): + \u00a0</servlet>  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:10): mflorea: the only other solution is to release them separately  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:11): which means one jira project for each  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:11): so far we've always released them together  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:11): and more jira issues  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:11): yep :)  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:12): about the debugging thing. It'll be a pain for me to change all this thing back when I need to debug  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:12): mflorea: I didn't say this  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:12): oh  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:12): all I said is that it should not be in our releases  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:13): final, or including milestones?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:13): I'm worried about 2 things  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:13): 1) security  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:13): 2) performance  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:13): although for 2) I hope it's not affecting anything  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:14): here's an idea for you:  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:14): you could have a profile that adds it by doing a merge in the main web.xml for example  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:14): not that it's very easy  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:14): :) merge.. cargo doesn't merge  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:15): why do you say this? :)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:15): it does merge  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:15): I tried to use cargo for my wysiwyg-demo  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:16): http://cargo.codehaus.org/Merging+WAR+files  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:17): \"Currently only the contextParams collection can be controlled for merging - this will be eventually extended to all the sections within the web.xml file.\"  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:17): mflorea: wdyt about changing wysiwygNewReady for isNewWysiwygActive ?  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:18): I'm ok with it  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:18): mflorea: I'd be very surprised if cargo couldn't merge servlet sections  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:19): I hope it does. But I remember I tried it without success.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:19): mflorea: but that's not an issue anyway  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:19): (since it would be extra easy to add anything we needed if it were not supported)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:20): what' s more complex is that you'd ned another maven module  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:20): :)  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:21): Is it ok to leave it (web.xml) like this for now, and I'll try to change it (cargo or something else) before the final release (or rc)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:25): yes  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:25): mflorea: yes  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:26): great  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:27): vmassol: what jira project has platform-web-standard associated?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:27): mflorea: core  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:27): thanks  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:27): mflorea: we're releasing them together  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:28): ok  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:29): and what component? web services?  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:29): oh, templates..  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:29): mflorea: depends what you've modified  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:29): but not web services  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:29): that's for XMLRPC/SOAP  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:29): could be templates  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:29): or more  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:29): I changed some tempaltes  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:29): (you can choose more than one if required)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:29): then \"Templates\" :)  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:32): Design.NewWysiwygEditorInterface was modified by xwiki:XWiki.GuillaumeLerouge - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/NewWysiwygEditorInterface  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:32): vmassol: I'll change wysiwygNewReady to isNewWysiwygActive, right?  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:34): Design.NewWysiwygEditorInterface was modified by xwiki:XWiki.GuillaumeLerouge - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/NewWysiwygEditorInterface  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:34): mflorea: it was a suggestion since I didn't find wysiwygNewReady very explicit ;)  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:35): :) I agree with you. So I'm commiting right now  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:35): ok  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:37): vmassol: should I close these \\_notification\\_ issues after the commit?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:38): mflorea: not sure what you mean by notifications but yes jira issues should be closed when done  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:38): I mean: they notifiy you about the need to release :)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 17:43): vmassol: I will add @since 1.6M1 to all the class, right?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:43): daning: yes  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:46): UserGuide.WebHome was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:47): UserGuide.EditVideo was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/EditVideo  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:51): UserGuide.EditVideo was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/EditVideo  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:51): mflorea: you should remove the <version> altogether  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:52): it's inherited from its parent  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:52): oh, I see (so many things I don't know)  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:53): UserGuide.WebHome was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:53): UserGuide.CreateVideo was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/CreateVideo  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:54): vmassol: for the WysiwygPlugin where is the right place to open an issue?  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:55): core/plugin-other?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:55): mflorea: where are you putting it?  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:55): platform/plugins  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:55): I'm personally not sure about this plugin but well...   \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:55): ok then you need to create a jira project for it  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:56): we'll also need to release it when we release XE  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:56): the reason I wasn't sure about it is that creating a new plugin is a very heavy process  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:56): re the plugin, I had no other option  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:56): UserGuide.CreateVideo was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/CreateVideo  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:56): so for me it's not worth it for just this single method  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:56): anyway  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:56): I think you should try being the release manager at some point  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:56): so that you can learn the release process too  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:57): we should all do it  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:57): so far: sergiu, jerome, thomas, jv and myself (maybe Anca too) have done it  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:57): yes, I should, I learned something today already  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:58): re the plugin I still don't understand the issue  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 17:58): UserGuide.WebHome was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:58): I think we're simply missing an api to get a configuration param   \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:59): but it's true it's cleaner to go through some code that handles it  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:59): it's just quite heavy  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 17:59): anyway you should create the jira project then  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 17:59): yes. But this plugin could be extended in the future  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:00): it's the \"could\" that I don't like ;)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:00): in programming it's called the YAGNI principle  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:00): YAGNI = You Ain't Gonna Need It ;)  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:00): UserGuide.InsertVideo was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/InsertVideo  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:01): (it's an XP principle to prevent overengineering and based on observation that in most cases things that could happen don't happen)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 18:02): vmassol: what does this \"@version $Id: $\" mean?  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 18:02): vmassol: $Id?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:02): daning: it's expanded by your svn client when you commit and it contains information on the last author and last commit date  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:02): search for it on google (svn id keyword)  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:02): Results for [for it on google (svn id keyword)] (5 results only)  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:03): \u00a0\u00a0\\* Community.HallOfFame - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/HallOfFame  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:03): \u00a0\u00a0\\* Design.OfficeConverter - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/OfficeConverter  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:03): \u00a0\u00a0\\* XWiki.asiri - http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/XWiki/asiri  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:03): \u00a0\u00a0\\* Macros.WebHome - http://code.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Macros/  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:03): \u00a0\u00a0\\* Macros.WebHome - http://code.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Macros/  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:04): ;)  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:05): UserGuide.InsertVideo was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/InsertVideo  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 18:06): vmassol: I'm creating a jira project for the YAGNI plugin  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:07): mflorea: ok :)  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 18:07): :| but how? Am I allowed?  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:07): UserGuide.WebHome was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:08): UserGuide.HistoryVideo was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/HistoryVideo  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 18:09): vmassol: I just add \"@version $Id: $\" to every class, right?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:09): daning: yes  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:10): daning: you'll actually need to set the svn properties for it but we can do that later  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:10): UserGuide.HistoryVideo was modified by xwiki:XWiki.ToussaintWattinne - http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/UserGuide/HistoryVideo  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 18:11): vmassol: I can't find any Create Project button. Do I have the rights to create projects on jira?  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 18:13): right.. :)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:13): I'm debatting whether to give you rights or just do it for you  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:13): :)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:14): actually I still think this is too heavy and not right  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:14): it's also not obvious what a wysiwyg plugin means  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 18:14): Design.NewWysiwygEditorInterface was modified by xwiki:XWiki.GuillaumeLerouge - http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/NewWysiwygEditorInterface  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:15): unless the full wysiwyg was moved inside it but that's not hte case  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:15): hmmm  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 18:15): ok, but you should have answered my mail then  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:15): I don't have the answer  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:15): and I cannot answer every single question :)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:15): I'm just a man  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:16): and Im trying to progress on my stuff too!  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:16): :)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:16): I haven't had time to research if there was a way to get a config param   \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:17): but I guess/hope you did  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:17): why would it be bad to use it (if we added one)?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:18): mflorea: I have to go out for 1 hour. Be back after.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:18): you could ask thomasmortagne see what he thinks for example ;) hehe... bbl  \nmflorea - (22/08/2008 18:22): vamssol: Sergiu was ok with the plugin solution. He knows more about xwiki than I do. Anyway, I can't stay any longer. I'll commit the plugin and we'll monday if we keep it or not  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 18:43): vmassol: Use 2 spaces for table in the xml file and 4 space for table in java file, right?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 18:44): daning: yes but these are in the style files we already have for IDEs so you don't need to do it manually  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 18:45): vmassol: Yes. I see that. I just want to confirm it ;)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 19:02): vmassol: Why do I want a OfficeConverterFactory? Because I think maybe we will have a RemoteOfficeConverter in the further and the factory can be used then. WDYT?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:03): daning: I think we could introduce it when we need it, wdyt?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:04): daning: I'd like to release something clean for now as much as possible  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 19:04): vmassol: Yes.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:04): and it's not lost it's in the svn history  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 19:04): vmassol: OK. I will clean it ;)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 19:06): vmassol: If that, I think we could remove the getImage method from the OfficeConverterPluginApi.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:07): daning: all that can be removed should be removed. The less code there is the better it is :)  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:07): daning: the best code is the one that has the less code since it means less bugs, less documentation, less complexity, less maintenance :)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 19:07): vmassol: OK  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 19:35): vmassol: Should I change the package name for com.xpn.xwiki.plugin.officeconverter to org.xwiki.plugin.officeconverter?  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:35): daning: actually I'm hesitating on this  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:35): since one part of it is \"clean\" and the other part is using the old system (the plugin part)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 19:36): vmassol: OK. Let's leave this for later.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:36): I was hesiatting between splitting into 2 modules but I'm not sure yet so let's keep it like this for now  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 19:36): yep  \nxwikibot - (22/08/2008 20:21): Development.SpeedingUp was modified by xwiki:XWiki.lucaa - http://watch.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Development/SpeedingUp  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:26): vmassol: I have not finished it yet, but almost. I will finish it tomorrow. Have to sleep. Night.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:27): daning: nn  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:38): vmassol: Hi, it's me again.  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:38): vmassol: I can't sleep with this pb.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:38): :)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:39): I get a OutputStream by OutputStream convert(InputStream inputStream, OfficeDocumentType inputDocumentType,  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:39): \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0OfficeDocumentType outputDocumentType)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:39): vmassol: but how can I get the byte[] from the outputstream  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:39): vmassol: The ouputStream is somewhere to write date, not read.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:39): daning: http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.4.2/docs/api/java/io/ByteArrayOutputStream.html  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:40): vmassol: Yes, I know this. But the return type is OutputStream, not ByteArrayOutputStream.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:40): daning: see http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.4.2/docs/api/java/io/ByteArrayOutputStream.html  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:40): :)  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:40): vmassol: I can't use the ByteArrayOutputStream.toByte() methode.  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:41): vmassol: OK. I will see this.  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:41): maybe there's something else  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:41): haven't thought much  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:41): but it's possible for sure  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:41): and not hard  \nvmassol - (22/08/2008 20:42): just finishing something right now  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:42): vmassol: OK. I will discuss with you tomorrow.  \ndaning - (22/08/2008 20:42): vmassol: bye.  \n\n"}