{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20160329", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20160329", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki on 29 March 2016 - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\n<AndrewK>\u00a0has quit  \n00:20\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n00:23\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has quit  \n00:23\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n00:26\u00a0<Aranjedeath>\u00a0has quit  \n00:33\u00a0<ujjwal\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n00:37\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has quit  \n00:37\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n01:06\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n01:12\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has quit  \n01:24\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n02:16\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has quit  \n02:53\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n02:54\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has quit  \n06:19\u00a0<Aranjedeath>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n06:28\u00a0<Aranjedeath>\u00a0has quit  \n06:32\u00a0<Aranjedeath>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:02\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0has quit  \n08:05\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:23\u00a0<Bugendol1>\u00a0has quit  \n08:23\u00a0<Bugendolf>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:33\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:56\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:38\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n09:38\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:40\u00a0<martinus\\_\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:03\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:04\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:17\u00a0<Slashman>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:31\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:37\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:38\u00a0<M-jsimard>\u00a0has quit  \n10:40\u00a0<M-jsimard>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:57\u00a0<M-yflory>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:58\u00a0<M-cjd>\u00a0Good morning folks, we were talking about the possibility to add in-place editing to XWiki, we might be able to do it incrementally if we had hidden spans on each view-mode displayer which displays an object property.  \n10:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'd love in place editing, but first it means a new edit UI so that the panels don't change. JV had some designs done for that BTW.  \n11:00\u00a0<M-cjd>\u00a0So the question is, theoretically speaking would a patch adding a hidden span \"marker\" to each $doc.display('view') output be something likely to be merged ?  \n11:00\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0M-cjd: any backward compat issue for anyone having a custom skin?  \n11:01\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0on the principle I don't thin it's a problem, we just need to be careful that it doesn't break too many stuff  \n11:02\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0My feeling is probably no because we're adding a <span style=\"display:none\" data-xwiki-object=\"some information needed by the javascript code\"></span>  \n11:02\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0switching to IRC because matrix is mega-laggy  \n11:03\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0probably class=\"xwiki-object-marker\" but while trying not to write too much trash over the wire in the HTML file  \n11:03\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0then probably another <span class=\"xwiki-object-marker-end\"></span>  \n11:04\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0idea being we can take the elements between object-marker and object-marker-end and replace them with the js editable displayer  \n11:49\u00a0<ujjwal>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:35\u00a0<lkrejci>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n13:46\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0Hi here, does it still make sense to fail the build of a XAR for a missing parent after XWiki 7.4.2?  \n13:47\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0Because I understood 'parent' was deprecated  \n13:47\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0but maybe I understood incorrectly...  \n13:47\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0woshilapin: hi  \n13:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we discussed this  \n13:48\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0ha  \n13:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and we said that for FTM yes we want to continue doing this since parent is deprecated but not removed  \n13:48\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0ok  \n13:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but indeed we need to decide till when we want tod othis  \n13:50\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0thanks  \n14:13\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0yep at some point we will need to remove that check, we could also make it optional and enable it only in platform  \n14:13\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0(so that it's not enabled for contribs have 8.x parent)  \n14:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I feel we should have platform and contrib in sync on this topic. I think I'd keep it till end of 8.x cycle. Now we could certainly prepare and have an option to turn off that check in the XAR plugin (but it would be on by default)  \n14:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0anyway, we should discuss this on the list  \n14:53\u00a0<lkrejci>\u00a0has quit  \n14:53\u00a0<lkrejci>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:00\u00a0<slestak>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:01\u00a0<Pbas>\u00a0has quit  \n15:06\u00a0<Pbas>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:07\u00a0<slestak>\u00a0has quit  \n15:27\u00a0<ujjwal>\u00a0has quit  \n15:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0anyone against https://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-8919 ?  \n15:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0evalica: ?  \n15:56\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0vmassol: you can add it if you consider to be a consistency improvement. Is good that we have the AppBar configuration in Administration and users can remove entries.  \n15:56\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0now, what about the Quick Links panel? do you plan to remove it?  \n15:57\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0one functionality that is has is the Ctrl + G mention for the Jump.  \n15:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0evalica: I see that manuel has removed it in this PR  \n15:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I've just commented on it  \n15:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0https://github.com/xwiki/xwiki-enterprise/pull/68/files  \n15:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0indeed there's the ctrl+g thing but it's never been the right place for it IMO, we need to find a better location  \n15:58\u00a0<slestak>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0could be a tip panel  \n15:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0with one tip to start with  \n15:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(I'm sure we can easily come up with 2-3 tips)  \n15:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(displayed at random)  \n15:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0that would fix the issue I raised in my comment too  \n16:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0evalica:  \n16:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0wdyt?  \n16:06\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0vmassol: there is an older proposal that has a Tips & Tricks panel http://design.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/download/Improvements/Skin4x/appWithinMinutesDesktopSnapshot.png  \n16:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yep  \n16:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we can start simpler without the ui to navigate through tips  \n16:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'd put that tip panel as part of the help app  \n16:07\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0another tip could be a link to XWikiSyntax  \n16:07\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0or Getting Started from xwiki.org  \n16:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sounds good, we already have 3 tips  \n16:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n16:07\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0:)  \n16:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0creating jira and sending proposal  \n16:11\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0thanks  \n16:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0done  \n16:32\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0guys, would be nice to have your opinion on the \"Display of documents in AllDocs LT in multilingual mode\" thread. At least to agree if solution 4 is what we wznt  \n16:32\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\\*want  \n16:32\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0mflorea: maybe you could also have a look at the mail since you know the topic already  \n16:33\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0I'll check  \n16:33\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0thx  \n16:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0btw we're 3 working days away from the 8.1M1 release  \n16:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Enygma`: we need to start converging on the CI  \n16:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0since I know you're busy, I can check it out if you want  \n16:37\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0btw last time platform build was successful was the 4th of March\u2026 ie 25 days ago\u2026 glurps\u2026  \n16:40\u00a0<boubou>\u00a0has quit  \n16:41\u00a0<boubou>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:53\u00a0<lkrejci>\u00a0has quit  \n16:53\u00a0<lkrejci>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:58\u00a0<ansuz>\u00a03 working days means we deploy on Friday?  \n17:00\u00a0<lf\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Monday  \n17:04\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0vmassol: will start focusing on the release  \n17:12\u00a0<lf\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n17:24\u00a0<M-yannick>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ah yes good point tmortagne with plain/1.0  \n17:57\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n17:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we have plenty of Translations.xml to fi  \n17:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\\*fix  \n17:58\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: I see we still seems to have lots of translation document in xwiki syntax, we should probably ad that to the xar;format  \n17:58\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0\\*xar:format  \n17:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes that would be easy, good idea  \n17:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0to xar:check and xar:format  \n17:59\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0yep  \n17:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0you create the jira?  \n18:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: ?  \n18:13\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: as you want, I would gladly let you do it if you have the time :)  \n18:14\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0has quit  \n18:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: doing it  \n18:23\u00a0<lkrejci>\u00a0has quit  \n18:23\u00a0<lkrejci>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n18:28\u00a0<AndrewK>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n18:45\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: when we export translations from l10n the xml files will have the wrong syntax I guess  \n18:45\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0do you think you could fix this?  \n18:52\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: l10n reuse default language XML no nothing to fix on this side  \n18:52\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0s/no/so/  \n18:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok cool\n"}