{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20101122", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20101122", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\nflorinciu left at 00:21 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nsabageru joined #xwiki at 00:43  \nsabageru left at 00:58 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \ndaemoen joined #xwiki at 02:54  \ndaemoen - (02:55): hey guys, any xwiki alternative to jira yet?  \ncjdelisle` - (02:57): No. There is a plugin for interacting with jira but we use jira for our tracker.  \ndaemoen - (02:58): cjdelisle`, yeah, \u00a0i remember someone was talking about writing a new module for xwiki that would allow a bug tracking system  \ndaemoen - (02:59): ive found that xwiki is awesome compared 1:1 with confluence  \ndaemoen - (02:59): would absolutely love to see the project release an alternative to jira  \ncjdelisle` - (02:59): It would be awesome and I think it could be done at the application level. That means you, solder! ;)  \ndaemoen - (03:00): lol, im not a devel, im a systems admin ;)  \ncjdelisle` - (03:00): s/solder/soldier I'm a dev, not a electronics repair man :/  \ndaemoen - (03:01): lol  \ndaemoen - (03:17): does xwiki support integration of bugzilla or mantis?  \njbrBridge - (03:17): Not that I know of.  \ncjdelisle` - (03:18): lol. Wrong window.  \ncjdelisle` - (03:18): I run the bridge so I can (accidently) middleman what it says.  \nvenkatna joined #xwiki at 04:10  \nvenkatna left at 04:11 (Client Quit  \nvenkatna joined #xwiki at 04:13  \nvenkatna left at 04:36 (Remote host closed the connection  \nvenkatna joined #xwiki at 04:38  \nvenkatna left at 04:38 (Client Quit  \nvenkatna joined #xwiki at 05:11  \nabusenius left at 06:00 (Quit: Konversation terminated!  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 07:54  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 07:55  \nvmassol - (08:03): !who  \njbrBridge - (08:03): \\* members: CalebJamesDeLisle  \nDenis joined #xwiki at 08:46  \njstoldt joined #xwiki at 08:55  \njstoldt - (08:57): morning!  \nevalica joined #xwiki at 09:02  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 09:15  \narkub joined #xwiki at 09:18  \nrstavro joined #xwiki at 09:19  \nsburjan joined #xwiki at 09:20  \nvmassol left at 09:26 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsburjan - (09:27): hello. I see no new snapshot of 2.6 since friday  \ncjdelisle` - (09:28): Good morning, that's because there weren't any changes so no new builds were triggered.  \nsabageru joined #xwiki at 09:29  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 09:30  \nvmassol - (09:32): some tweet that sergiu will like: http://bit.ly/blg9cS  \nvmassol - (09:32): (it's about using GitModel as the model for a CMS/Blog)  \nvmassol - (09:33): I wonder if the JCR API can support the Git model  \ncjdelisle` - (09:35): http://eclipse.org/jgit/  \nsburjan - (09:36): vmassol: did we manage to fix the blocker we found on friday ?  \ncjdelisle` - (09:36): It'd work well for keeping a history but the current version will be very slow unless it runs in a database.  \nsburjan - (09:36): (good morning)  \nvmassol - (09:36): sburjan: hi. Which blocker?  \nsburjan - (09:36): the one jvelociter reported .. regarding cron  \nvmassol - (09:37): cjdelisle`: yep I know about jgit  \nvmassol - (09:37): sburjan: yes I fixed it 30 mn after it was reported ;)  \nvmassol - (09:37): (and re-released)  \nsburjan - (09:38): okay  \nsburjan - (09:38): so when are we going to release ?  \nvmassol - (09:38): sburjan: any more issue?  \nlucaa left at 09:38 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nsburjan - (09:38): well .. I reported some minor issues on IE browsers, nothing major  \ncjdelisle` - (09:38): IMO git is like java (and xml). It serves a purpose but has a bunch of followers who thing is can solve all of the world's problems.  \nvmassol - (09:39): cjdelisle`: sure, it's the new kid on the block and thus people are excited  \nEnygma` joined #xwiki at 09:39  \nvmassol - (09:40): we're in the peak of inflated expectations ;)  \nvmassol - (09:40): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hype\\_cycle  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 09:40  \ncjdelisle` - (09:40): haha never saw that before.  \nvmassol - (09:41): fyi gartner says wikis are at the beginning of the slope of enlightment  \nvmassol - (09:42): (actually just a little bit on it)  \nvmassol - (09:42): figure for 2010: http://www.xwiki.com/xwiki/bin/view/Blog/XWiki+Hype+Cycle+Open+Source+2010  \nvmassol - (09:43): hmm I don't see wikis on this pciture strange  \ncjdelisle` - (09:43): http://labs.adobe.com/technologies/cirrus/ <-- there's something to keep an eye on.  \nvmassol - (09:44): actually they're much further than I thought on this image: http://www.darulfaaizin.com/wanharris/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/The-hype-cycle-for-social-software-2010.png  \nvmassol - (09:44): almost middle of slop of enlightment  \nvmassol - (09:44): ;)  \ncjdelisle` - (09:45): I think the big question is when do we (or any other webapp) start requiring things like javascript or flash.  \nlucaa - (09:45): mornin' guys  \nlucaa - (09:45): I would like to commit XE-756 and its XE-722 in 2.7, wdyt?  \nlucaa - (09:45): I have the patches locally  \nlucaa - (09:45): with some changes, more or less breaking  \nlucaa - (09:46): (if the pages in XE can be considered \"api\")  \nvmassol - (09:46): XE-722  \nvmassol - (09:46): lucaa: ok for me in 2.7  \nlucaa - (09:46): it's just the completion of what was started in 2.5 and 2.6  \nlucaa - (09:46): there are some changes though, at least for XE-722  \nlucaa - (09:47): the idea is that the main dashboard and the space dashboards will be different  \nlucaa - (09:47): now there is one big big document, which gets included in both and figures out how to behave  \nlucaa - (09:47): but that's a bit harder to achieve as a dashboard  \nlucaa - (09:47): (voir technically impossible)  \nlucaa - (09:48): so I would make them different, so that we also drop the idea of an included document in the future  \nlucaa - (09:48): since dashboard should be so easy to build  \nlucaa - (09:48): s/dashboard/dashboards/  \nlucaa - (09:49): vmassol: brb, going up in the office  \nlucaa left at 09:54 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 09:54  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 09:56  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 10:13  \nvmassol - (10:15): ok finishing the release of XE/XEM 2.6  \nvmassol - (10:15): we need a release manager for 2.7  \ncjdelisle` - (10:16): WDYT of disabling the hudson \"X is still failing\" and \"X is back to normal\" mail? I there anything it's giving us that the daily reports are not?  \nvmassol - (10:17): everyone: anything you want to add to http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/ReleaseNotesXWikiEnterprise26 ?  \nfmancinelli joined #xwiki at 10:21  \nsburjan - (10:26): vmassol: shouldn't we have a list of JIRA issues fixed ?  \nsburjan - (10:26): it is a stabilization release after all  \nvmassol - (10:27): sburjan: ideally we would always list all the jira issues in addition to the noteworthy section but this needs to be automated before it happens.  \nvmassol - (10:27): it's a release like any other  \nvmassol - (10:28): if there were no improvements and no new features, I'd agree with you but this is i not the case  \nsburjan - (10:28): okay. I'm saying this because I seen previous release notes that listed the JIRA issues fixed  \nsburjan - (10:28): but you know better :)  \nvmassol - (10:28): we have to think about end users  \nvmassol - (10:28): what's best for them  \nvmassol - (10:29): IMO what's best is a noteworthy section  \nvmassol - (10:29): so that they don't have to try understand every single jira issue  \nvmassol - (10:29): and we point out the important ones  \nvmassol - (10:29): now  \nvmassol - (10:29): as I said a link to all jira issues fixed would be nice but it's complex to make right now  \nvmassol - (10:30): if you want to work on this you're more than welcome though  \nvmassol - (10:30): (I've been wanting to do it for about 4 years now)  \nsburjan - (10:31): hm... maybe this could be achieved with a custom JIRA filter ?  \nsburjan - (10:32): all resolved bugs that had affected version 2.6 ?  \nvmassol - (10:32): sburjan: you haven't solved the issue of finding the versions  \nvmassol - (10:32): each project has different versions  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 10:32  \nsburjan - (10:32): maybe a filter with a time span ?  \nvmassol - (10:32): sburjan: did you test the XEM 2.6 release?  \nsburjan - (10:32): all solved bugs since we started working on 2.6  \nsburjan - (10:32): vmassol: yes  \nvmassol - (10:32): ok cool  \nsburjan - (10:39): vmassol: http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Download?xpage=print . Download to this points to 2.5.1 .. instead of 2.6 .. am I missing something ?  \nvmassol - (10:39): mflorea and others: do we need a branch for 2.7 now so that devs can start committing stuff for 3.0? I'm a bit hesitating since it'll mean devs will be tempted to work on 3.0 stuff rather than helping out with stabilization  \nvmassol - (10:40): (it also means some branch merging)  \nvmassol - (10:40): I'm open though  \nvmassol - (10:40): wdyt?  \ncjdelisle` - (10:40): When's 3.0 to be released?  \nvmassol - (10:40): in about 2.5 months  \nvmassol - (10:40): for the final  \nvmassol - (10:41): for M1 it's in 3-4 weeks  \nvmassol - (10:41): I need to check if I sent a date proposal  \nmflorea - (10:41): vmassol: I don't need it now because I'm busy with other things. I have a macro display refactoring done locally but it can wait because I'm not working on it right now  \nvmassol - (10:41): (probabmy not)  \nmflorea - (10:42): (macro display in WYSIWYG edit mode)  \nvmassol - (10:42): I'll try to send the 3.0 proposal for review this week  \ncjdelisle` - (10:42): IMO we need a branch ASAP if we have any hope to remove old apis for 3.0.  \nvmassol - (10:42): cjdelisle`: 3.X  \nvmassol - (10:42): not 3.0  \nvmassol - (10:42): and 'm not sure we want to remove old apis for 3.x  \nvmassol - (10:43): we would need to select on a case by case basis  \nvmassol - (10:43): there's definitely no need to remove all old apis for 3.0, nor for 3.x final  \ncjdelisle` - (10:44): Ok. I'll keep my nose out of the steering committee.  \nvmassol - (10:44): we (committers) are teh steering committe  \nvmassol - (10:44): committee  \nvmassol - (10:44): why would you want to keep your nose out?  \ncjdelisle` - (10:44): Because I disagree with just about everything ;)  \njstoldt - (10:44): vmassol:  \njstoldt - (10:45): i am going to test 2.6 final  \nvmassol - (10:45): you can say so cjdelisle`  \nvmassol - (10:45): it's an open discussion  \njstoldt - (10:45): and then tell you what my findings are regarding the missing icon on user watchlist  \nvmassol - (10:45): jstoldt: ok cool  \njstoldt - (10:45): :)  \njstoldt - (10:46): any estimate on how much longer you'll need?  \nvmassol - (10:46): cjdelisle`: I'm curious to understand why you don't feel part of the \"steering committee\"  \nvmassol - (10:46): (there's no such thing btw, it's only about votes and proposals)  \ncjdelisle` - (10:46): When I think I have information which will help make a decision and I don't think others have it, I want to share it.  \nvmassol - (10:47): of course, and that's good  \nvmassol - (10:47): what makes you feel you're not heard?  \ncjdelisle` - (10:47): When I feel that my position has been looked at and decided against, I don't want to argue for the sake of arguing, that's just politics.  \nvmassol - (10:48): re removing deprecated apis, we need a new round of brainstomring  \nvmassol - (10:48): do you feel it's good to break all users for example?  \ncjdelisle` - (10:49): Well, I think that's what a major release is for.  \nvmassol - (10:49): so no path to upgrade?  \ncjdelisle` - (10:50): Well not to break everything, just the stuff which is deprecated and maybe the query plugin stuff.  \nvmassol - (10:50): ok then we're in agreement  \nvmassol - (10:50): we hand pick really old stuff  \nvmassol - (10:50): and decide to remove them  \nvmassol - (10:50): it's on a case by case basis  \nvmassol - (10:50): feel free to propose stuff to be removed on the list  \nvmassol - (10:50): query plugin is a +1 from me  \nvmassol - (10:51): (the one in xwiki-core)  \nvmassol - (10:51): could be moved to contrib/retired probably, just to be on safe side  \nvmassol - (10:51): (or not)  \ncjdelisle` - (10:51): OTOH I wouldn't have proposed a major version release but I think that my points have been looked over and decided against from an informed position.  \ncjdelisle` - (10:53): re pulling out query plugin, that'll be a pain, it's got a bunch of dependencies everywhere and it'll break a couple apis in the xwiki.api package.  \nvmassol - (10:53): cjdelisle`: yes, I don't want to resart that debate. It was discussed and voted on\u2026.  \nvmassol - (10:53): (thanks for not blocking it if you didn't agree then ;))  \nvmassol - (10:54): (hope you can live with it)  \nvmassol - (10:54): (anyway it's not final, anyone can propose a change at any time if there are arguments that can convince the others ;))  \ncjdelisle` - (10:54): I'm not trying to debate, I'm trying to explain why I don't debate on a lot of points.  \nvmassol - (10:54): yes you're wise  \nvmassol - (10:54): (I wish I could be that wise :))  \nvmassol - (10:55): cjdelisle`: all I want to be sure is that you don't feel isolated  \ncjdelisle` - (10:55): I know you have looked at my point of view, and I have no new information to bring so \"I keep my nose out of the steering committee\"  \nvmassol - (10:55): ie you don't feel that what you say isn't listened to by others  \nvmassol - (10:56): cjdelisle`: sometimes, I also think that keeping backward compat, and not thinking out of the box slows the xwiki project down  \nvmassol - (10:56): but then reality kicks back in\u2026. unfortunately  \nvmassol - (10:57): at some point in the past we hesitated between revolution and evolution  \ncjdelisle` - (10:57): It's a balance for any project.  \nvmassol - (10:57): ie create a branch and start from scratch in that branch  \nvmassol - (10:57): yes it is  \ncjdelisle` - (10:58): On the topic of wild and wacky, maybe the thing to do is do a clean slate branch for serving a completely different purpose.  \nvmassol - (10:58): sure  \nvmassol - (10:58): there are lots of ideas  \nvmassol - (10:58): like WITS  \ncjdelisle` - (10:59): AKA XWiki is a fully functional enterprise wiki. Branch to make a small fast secure wiki. Something like that.  \nvmassol - (10:59): yes, the problem is manpower  \nvmassol - (10:59): how to maintain several projects at once  \nvmassol - (10:59): I mean anyone can do what you propose  \nvmassol - (10:59): by starting something in contrib for ex  \ncjdelisle` - (11:00): haha I already have my own \"small\" project eating up my weekends ;)  \nvmassol - (11:00): it's more different if we want it to be an community strategy  \nvmassol - (11:00): s/different/difficult/  \nvmassol - (11:00): hehe  \nvmassol - (11:00): the strategy I'm personally following  \nvmassol - (11:00): is componentization  \nvmassol - (11:01): so that in order to make a small and fast wiki  \nvmassol - (11:01): you'd not install some modules  \nvmassol - (11:01): this is an effort in progress that'll take a few more years ....  \nvmassol - (11:01): (before we have focused modules)  \nvmassol - (11:01): (for the whole platform)  \ncjdelisle` - (11:02): Interesting.  \nvmassol - (11:02): model, action, template, skin, displayers, etc  \nvmassol - (11:02): then it reduces the cost of building something custom  \ncjdelisle` - (11:02): model will be the slippery slope toward becoming the next rat's nest.  \nsburjan - (11:04): we still have plugins in 2 places, and moving towards components  \nsburjan - (11:04): we have to be consistent IMO  \ncjdelisle` - (11:04): I think we need to have a single base element which can be stored in the database and can be converted to XML. That element will be the basis for the Document and the Object.  \ncjdelisle` - (11:05): I like the c.x.x.objects package. It was visionary although it has it's limitations.  \ncjdelisle` - (11:06): I know there is way too much code for putting different things into the database and converting different things to XML.  \nmflorea left at 11:08 (Quit: Leaving.  \njstoldt - (11:08): woohoo, time for upgrading! :-D  \ncjdelisle` - (11:09): If that's not sarcasm then it is a great complement.  \ndaemoen left at 11:10 (Ping timeout: 260 seconds  \njstoldt - (11:11): no sarcasm intended  \njstoldt - (11:12): i was actually waiting for this since friday... unfortunately you did not make the release on friday, so that kinda screwed up my plans for friday ;)  \ncjdelisle` - (11:12): If you're not dreading upgrade time then we must be doing something right.  \njstoldt - (11:13): well, the way i set it up now i need approximately 20 minutes if i hurry a wee bit  \njstoldt - (11:13): \u00a0but it's still a rather small wiki with few customizations  \njstoldt - (11:14): also, adding a custom skin and doing as much as possible on the documents saves a lot of time diffing through files i changed locally  \njvdrean1 joined #xwiki at 11:19  \njvdrean left at 11:21 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nsilviar joined #xwiki at 11:50  \nsburjan - (11:54): question : when adding a new page to a space, xwiki does verify if the page already exists or not ? (because I get OK when trying to create a page that already exists)  \ncamaritei joined #xwiki at 12:18  \nspliffy left at 12:23 (Ping timeout: 255 seconds  \nspliffy joined #xwiki at 12:23  \nvmassol - (12:23): XE and XEM 2.6 released  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 12:24  \nlucaa - (12:24): vmassol: any additional thoughts on the dicussion this morning about the changes to be done for XE-722 ?  \nlucaa - (12:24): anybody else?  \nlucaa - (12:25): I would really need your opinion on that  \nlucaa - (12:25): ( jvdrean1 for example )  \nvmassol - (12:25): not sure what's the question  \nvmassol - (12:25): (lucaa)  \nlucaa - (12:26): well the main issue would be that main dashboard (main.webhome) and the space dashboards would be different documents now  \nlucaa - (12:26): actually, the main.webhome will contain directly the dashboard definition in the page, and not an include as it is now  \nlucaa - (12:27): and the Main.Dashboard document will be used to display the space dashboards (listing documents and recent changes and tags for a space)  \nlucaa - (12:27): normally that should be renamed as well, and even removed (since creating a dashboard for the main page of a space should be a lot easier now)  \nlucaa - (12:27): wdyt about this?  \nlucaa - (12:27): does it fall in the \"break API\" category?  \nvmassol - (12:28): seems ok although I'm not sure I undertand completely  \nlucaa - (12:28): the reasons behind it or what will happen?  \nvmassol - (12:28): if you're not sure you can always send a mail asking for ffeedback  \nlucaa - (12:28): should I send a mail where I try to explain all these changes?  \nvmassol - (12:29): if you want and think there's a potential problem  \nlucaa - (12:29): I do want other's opinion, but I don't know how to ask for it in a simple way  \nvmassol - (12:29): make a proposal of what's going to be dsplayed in each dashboards maybe?  \nlucaa - (12:29): well, a potential pb can be that users know that Main.Dashboard prints the main dashboard, or is used as a space dashboard  \nlucaa - (12:30): they have built their content using this document, and now this document and its purpose will change  \nlucaa - (12:30): (or even dissappear)  \nlucaa - (12:30): which is why I ask what do others think  \nlucaa - (12:30): the same thing will be displayed, what the users see won't change, it  \nlucaa - (12:31): it's just the impl  \nlucaa - (12:31): so those who customized their wiki might have surprises  \nlucaa - (12:31): (for upgrades I mean)  \nlucaa - (12:31): I will write a mail  \nvmassol - (12:32): (otp)  \nlucaa - (12:32): ok  \njstoldt - (12:36): is it just me or is deletion of a given span of versions not working?  \njstoldt - (12:37): vmassol: remember the bug regarding the missing icon in user watchlist? not working now either...  \nvmassol - (12:38): jstoldt: do you have anything custom? Did you upgrade the xar pages? (would need to find out where the image is coming from)  \nvmassol - (12:38): IMO it's an upgrade issue  \nvmassol - (12:38): checking where it's coming from  \njstoldt - (12:39): well, not an awful lot of customization here  \njstoldt - (12:39): i copied the DefaultSkin page to another page to do some customizations to the style css  \njstoldt - (12:39): but that's really about it  \njstoldt - (12:40): spliffy: why have you changed the core.viewers.diff.editComment translation? there is no need to use html markup for Umlaute, according to the devs...  \nvmassol - (12:48): still otp  \njstoldt - (12:48): ?  \nvmassol - (12:50): jstoldt: src=\"http://localhost:8080/xwiki/resources/icons/silk/cross.gif\"  \nvmassol - (12:50): can you check where the broken image is pointing to?  \nvmassol - (12:50): on the phone = otp  \njstoldt - (12:52): ah, that's actually the problem  \njstoldt - (12:52): i have the whole xwiki in ROOT  \njstoldt - (12:53): and thus the link created is wrong  \njstoldt - (12:53): funny, this is the first time not placing XWiki in /xwiki/ caused any trouble  \nsdumitriu - (12:53): That shouldn't happen  \njstoldt - (12:53): well, what i see in the code is this:  \nsdumitriu - (12:53): Can you pastebin the full HTML source?  \njstoldt - (12:54): in the source  \njstoldt - (12:54): deleteLink.insert(new Element('img', {  \nspliffy - (12:54): jstoldt: i did not use html markup, what are you talking about?  \njstoldt - (12:54): 'src' : '/xwiki/resources/icons/silk/cross.gif'  \njstoldt - (12:54): }));  \narkub left at 12:55 (Quit: Leaving  \nspliffy - (12:55): i changed it because the translation was wrong  \nspliffy - (12:56): jstoldt: it was \"kommentar \u00e4ndern\" before. but this is wrong because it's the label for the change comment.  \njstoldt - (12:56): spliffy: ah, okay, well, can't figure out what it used to be now but on the startpage of l10n it shows \"Kommentars&Auml;\"  \njstoldt - (12:56): yeah, might well be  \njstoldt - (12:56): i was actually wondering about what i might have written there  \njstoldt - (12:56): i figure it's the wiki that displays the html markup...  \nspliffy - (12:57): probably  \njstoldt - (12:57): there is something wrong with \u00c4, \u00d6, \u00dc, \u00b2 and \u00b3 in XWiki, anyway  \njstoldt - (12:57): ah, my bed, it says \"&Aumlnderungskommentar:\"  \njstoldt - (12:57): \\*bad  \njstoldt - (12:57): well, thanks for fixing that ;)  \njstoldt - (12:58): i figure i lost sometimes ran a bit short on concentration while going through all those strings ;)  \njstoldt - (12:59): sdumitriu: the html src i posted above is sufficient for you?  \nsdumitriu - (13:01): jstoldt: No  \njstoldt - (13:01): okay, will post the complete thing in a minute  \nsdumitriu - (13:01): I mean, from the browser, Show Source, select all, copy/paste  \nrstavro - (13:01): hi all, on VelocityCaptchaVerifier.java what value should userId have for isAnswerCorrect(String userId, String answer) ? Should it be $context.user or something like $captchaservice.getUserId($request) ?  \nsdumitriu - (13:01): You can give me the link in private if there's sensitive information in there  \njstoldt - (13:01): yeah, i just pasted the excerpt above  \njstoldt - (13:02): but i'll pastebin it in a sec  \njstoldt - (13:04): this is regarding, XE-5708... just to give some more context  \njstoldt - (13:04): lol, pwned... XE-5708  \njstoldt - (13:04): oh, XWIKI-5708 i mean  \nspliffy left at 13:06 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nspliffy joined #xwiki at 13:07  \nvmassol left at 13:09 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 13:11  \nfmancinelli left at 13:21 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 13:41  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 13:46  \nrstavro left at 13:58 (Quit: Page closed  \nabusenius left at 14:01 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 14:02  \nvmassol - (14:07): sburjan: we'd need some doc work for xwiki.org about the new features introduced in 2.6  \nvmassol - (14:07): for ex the share page by mail feature  \nvmassol - (14:07): in case you have some time to help out  \nsburjan - (14:08): yes. I will start documenting them (starting with send page by email)  \nvmassol - (14:08): cool thanks  \nvmassol - (14:11): roadmap for 2.7 uploaded  \nsburjan - (14:11): vmassol: Send Page By Email is an app, right ?  \nsdumitriu - (14:11): Not quite, it's mixed  \nvmassol - (14:11): sburjan: hmm I don't know...  \nvmassol - (14:12): sdumitriu: where are the pages located?  \nvmassol - (14:12): (it should be an app btw)  \nsburjan - (14:12): because I don't know where to create the page on org  \nvmassol - (14:12): ah no page, templates  \nvmassol - (14:12): I remember  \nsdumitriu - (14:12): Two .vm templates in /templates, one document in XE/wiki  \nvmassol - (14:12): I didn't like it  \nsdumitriu - (14:12): Me neither, but we need Template Extensions to make it work properly  \nvmassol - (14:12): sburjan: which means for now it should be documented in Features not on code.xwiki.org  \nvmassol - (14:13): we have several possibilities  \nvmassol - (14:13): it could go in http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/Notifications  \nvmassol - (14:14): it could also go in http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/DocumentLifecycle  \nvmassol - (14:15): sdumitriu: what is the page you mentioned in XE/wiki?  \nvmassol - (14:15): what happens if it's not there?  \nsdumitriu - (14:15): XWiki.SharePage  \nsdumitriu - (14:15): Then the menu entry is not displayed  \nsdumitriu - (14:15): And the app doesn't work  \nvmassol - (14:15): hmmm  \nsdumitriu - (14:15): And the feature doesn't work  \nsburjan - (14:15): yes.. IMO we should put it in DocumentLifecycle, because Notifications page is automated for RSS and watchlist  \nvmassol - (14:16): notifications is about notifications in general so it could go there  \nvmassol - (14:16): but  \nlucaa - (14:16): devs, I sent a mail about the implementation of the global and space dashboards, about which I tried to discuss here with vmassol this morning. Can I have your feedback, please?  \nvmassol - (14:16): it's not really a platform feature since sdumitriu says that if the page isn't there it won't work  \nvmassol - (14:17): sdumitriu: I'll let you answer sburjan ;)  \nsdumitriu - (14:17): I could redo it as platform-only  \nvmassol - (14:17): (about where to doc it)  \nsdumitriu - (14:17): sburjan: http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/Notifications should be redone, the images in it are deprecated  \nsdumitriu - (14:18): sburjan: DocumentLifecycle for documenting the sharepage  \nsburjan - (14:18): ok  \nsburjan - (14:18): your call  \nsburjan - (14:18): I'll redo the deprecated images using 2.6 Final, and also removeing all images from previous version. Do you agree ?  \nvmassol - (14:19): ok  \nsburjan - (14:19): then we have a deal  \nsabageru left at 14:24 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nvenkatna left at 14:28 (Remote host closed the connection  \nrstavro joined #xwiki at 14:32  \nsabageru joined #xwiki at 14:41  \nsburjan - (14:51): guys : http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/Notifications the second last \u00a0image .. seems to be deprecated and I can't find the equivalent UI \u00a0in 2.6. May I remove it ?  \nsburjan - (14:51): (the one with RSS icon)  \nvmassol - (14:52): sburjan: \"Following selected pages & spaces\"  \nvmassol - (14:52): missing \"Wikis\" in the title I guess  \nsburjan - (14:53): yes .. I will fix that too  \nsburjan - (14:53): but I am referring to rsshomepage.png  \nvmassol - (14:54): it's a regression  \nvmassol - (14:54): I remember raising it  \nsburjan - (14:54): ok. I'll remove that  \nvmassol - (14:54): no  \nvmassol - (14:54): don't remove it  \nvmassol - (14:54): it's a regression  \nsburjan - (14:55): do you want me to leave that image there even if it doesnt have a 2.6 correspondent ?  \nvmassol - (14:55): yes  \nsburjan - (14:55): ok  \nvmassol - (14:55): you can mention that it doesn't exist in 2.6  \nsburjan - (14:55): ok  \nvmassol - (14:55): because the activuty stream has been added  \nvmassol - (14:55): and the feature is not yet developer but will be added in the short future  \nvmassol - (14:55): ;)  \nvmassol - (14:55): s/developer/developed/  \nvmassol - (14:55): we need a jira issue for that btw  \nvmassol - (14:55): rstavro: do you have it in your list?  \nvmassol - (14:56): (your todo list for the activity stream that is)  \nsburjan - (14:56): so basically you want to be able \u00a0to RSS the history/versions \u00a0of a page ?  \nvmassol - (14:56): (I don't see a button for minor edits either btw)  \nvmassol - (14:57): sburjan: no  \nvmassol - (14:57): it's about changes in the wiki  \nvmassol - (14:57): activity  \nvmassol - (14:57): you may want to follow your wiki's activity in a RSS feed  \nsburjan - (14:58): well yes, but isnt this achieved with Watchlist app ?  \nvmassol - (14:58): see what's new, who did what, etc  \nvmassol - (14:58): no  \nvmassol - (14:58): watchlist is only for some pages  \nvmassol - (14:58): ah ok I see  \nvmassol - (14:58): hmmm  \nvmassol - (14:58): (since we now have the watch \"wiki\" feature\u00e0  \nvmassol - (14:58): s/\u00e0/)/  \nsburjan - (14:58): well afaik with watchlist you can what everything you want ...  \nsburjan - (14:59): yes ..  \nsburjan - (14:59): and complementary to watchlist, we have Activity Stream now  \nsburjan - (14:59): so IMO it's easy to follow everything that happens on a wiki  \nvmassol - (14:59): wait  \nvmassol - (15:00): how do you select a watchlist RSS feed for only 1 item from your watchlist?  \nvmassol - (15:00): right the RSS watchlist is global  \nvmassol - (15:00): s/right/right now/  \nvmassol - (15:01): I may want to follow some important docs for one usage  \nvmassol - (15:01): and follow all the wiki's actriviy for another usage  \nvmassol - (15:01): follownig the whole wiki will lead to lots of updates  \nvmassol - (15:01): and I don't want my other important docs to be drowned  \nvmassol - (15:02): we'll need watchlist groups IMO  \nvmassol - (15:03): (with possibly different frequencies for each)  \nvmassol - (15:03): (and have a RSS feed for each group)  \nsburjan - (15:03): it is achievable  \nsburjan - (15:04): vmassol: it seems you can get the rss only of a specific space  \nsburjan - (15:04): # Search RSS feeds: It is possible to subscribe to a search on a specific query term. To do this, got to the WebSearch, run a search on a keyword and then click on the RSS icon.  \nvmassol - (15:05): yes I know this but I don't see the relationship with our discussion  \nsburjan - (15:06): just pointed out that you can get a rss only for the pages within a certain space, but you can't get RSS from ONE specified page  \nsburjan - (15:06): so you're right  \nsburjan - (15:06): I'll leave that there  \nsburjan - (15:06): and mention that in future the feature will be back  \nvmassol - (15:08): it's an interesting discussion, would be curious to know what sdumitriu thinks for ex about watchlist groups and using watchlist to watch a wiki  \nrstavro - (15:09): vmassol: RSS link is not displayed by default in the activity macro, bu the parameter is there, so what should be done is to call {{activtity}} macro with rss=true for the home page  \nvmassol - (15:09): rstavro: ah we should enable it for now IMO  \nvmassol - (15:09): since it was there before  \nvmassol - (15:10): mflorea: going to http://localhost:8080/xwiki/bin/edit/Main/Dashboard on chrom and clicking on the source tab doesnt' work  \nrstavro - (15:10): the reason why we (me and Caty) considered that the RSS link should not be displayed by default is that the results do not match with the activity stream  \nvmassol - (15:11): indeed, it might need to be modified  \nvmassol - (15:11): which means that the rss=true feature is kind of broken ATM  \nrstavro - (15:11): yep  \nvmassol - (15:12): what about minor edit button?  \nrstavro - (15:12): yes, that's in the 'to be implemented' list  \nvmassol - (15:12): ok  \nrstavro - (15:13): it's [art of the activity preferences feature  \nrstavro - (15:13): (part)  \nrstavro - (15:14): I'm waiting for the 'more' results patch to be applied, then I'll start working on the Activity Preferences  \nrstavro - (15:14): (I also have to handle the client projects)  \nsburjan - (15:14): vmassol: we have a lot of redundancies in docs, and I don't know if that is a very good thing  \nvmassol - (15:14): rstavro: ok  \nvmassol - (15:15): sburjan: depends, where?  \nsburjan - (15:15): for example : http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/Notifications and http://code.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Applications/WatchlistApplication have to be updated both when UI-changes. Not that I finished refactoring notifications, I'll modify the second link too.. so we have consistency  \nvmassol - (15:16): sburjan: you can use the same image  \nvmassol - (15:16): ;)  \nvmassol - (15:16): reference it  \nvmassol - (15:16): (instead of copying it)  \nsburjan - (15:17): yes, but I have to reference also the content ...  \nvmassol - (15:17): in general we should try to limit duplication  \nvmassol - (15:17): and link instead  \nsburjan - (15:17): so in this case .. Notifs should link to WatchList App, or inverse ?  \nvmassol - (15:17): notifs should just explain generally what is the watchlist and link tot eh watchlist app  \nvmassol - (15:18): notifs should explain all the ways in xwiki to get notifications  \nvmassol - (15:18): and link to specific feature pages  \nvmassol - (15:18): IMO  \nsburjan - (15:19): so I should remove the screenshots and corresponding text and put a link to Notifs ?  \nvmassol - (15:19): yes, you could keep one nice screenshot just as a teaser though  \nsburjan - (15:19): okay  \nsburjan - (15:19): proceeding  \nvmassol - (15:19): just to make the page looks nicer  \nsburjan - (15:20): do you like the Notif page now ? it's ok ?  \nvmassol - (15:20): it still has old screenshots  \nvmassol - (15:20): refreshig  \nvmassol - (15:20): cache  \nmflorea - (15:21): vmassol: I just checked with a fresh 2.6 and Chrome 7.0.517.44 and I can switch to source  \nvmassol - (15:21): mflorea: I'm on 2.7 from trunk (from yesterday)  \nmflorea - (15:21): (without touching the content)  \nvmassol - (15:21): ah no  \nmflorea - (15:21): did you change the content?  \nvmassol - (15:21): my bad  \nvmassol - (15:21): sorry  \nvmassol - (15:22): I have local changes for the xwiki-url module  \nvmassol - (15:22): and they don't work with rest urls yet  \nvmassol - (15:22): nor resources  \nvmassol - (15:22): sorry mflorea  \nvmassol - (15:22): (didn't think they could cause this)  \nmflorea - (15:23): np, but I don't see how URL module is related to switching to source tab. When you switch to source tab I use a gwt-rpc call  \nvmassol - (15:24): sburjan: this is not correct: \"Note: this feature is not present in latest versions due to introduction of Activity Stream. It will be back very soon.\"  \nvmassol - (15:24): as rstavro explained it's still there  \nvmassol - (15:25): hmmm you can leave your text though  \nsburjan - (15:25): yes, but if it's not usable, what is the point for the enduser ?  \nvmassol - (15:25): from a high level POV of users it's not there anymore  \nvmassol - (15:25): I agree  \nvmassol - (15:25): maybe in an info box?  \nsburjan - (15:26): okay  \nsburjan - (15:27): http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/ActionBars this page is useless .. linking to DocumentLifeCycle  \nsburjan - (15:27): which is the most nasdy doc we have IMO :P  \nvmassol - (15:28): jvelociter: I didn't mention \"livetable\" in the proposal for design.xwiki.org ,)  \nvmassol - (15:28): ;)  \nspliffy - (15:28): i switched the .war on my tomcat from 2.6rc2 to the release and now i'm getting \"Could not parse mapping document from resource xwiki.hbm.xml  \nspliffy - (15:28): exceptions  \nvmassol - (15:28): (I tried very hard to control myself from mentioning it!)  \nspliffy - (15:29): any idea what could be the cause? i copied xwiki.cfg, xwiki.properties and \u00a0hibernate.hbm.xml to the new instance.  \nvmassol - (15:29): spliffy: you could pastebin the whole error you get?  \nspliffy - (15:29): vmassol: sure  \njvelociter - (15:29): vmassol hehe, yes but I've read your mind, it was written LIVETABLE all over :)  \nvmassol - (15:29): hehe  \nspliffy - (15:30): vmassol: http://pastebin.com/0zf24Tbm  \njvelociter - (15:30): it's \"the ability to filter\" that hinted my I guess  \nvmassol - (15:32): the default filter could be \"active\" ;)  \nvmassol - (15:32): (and ordered by last modificaiton date)  \nrrodriguez left at 15:33 (Quit: rrodriguez  \nsburjan - (15:33): vmassol: is ther any way to see if this ( http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/ActionBars ) is referenced by some document ?  \nsburjan - (15:33): because it's empty and plain useless  \nvmassol - (15:34): spliffy: strange I see it:  \nvmassol - (15:34): vmassol@lib $ jar tvf xwiki-core-2.6.jar \u00a0| grep xwiki.hbm.xml  \nvmassol - (15:34): \u00a036838 Fri Nov 19 18:16:32 CET 2010 xwiki.hbm.xml  \nvmassol - (15:34): can you try that?  \nvmassol - (15:34): sburjan: normally it's backlinks: http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/ActionBars#Information  \nsburjan - (15:35): no parent no children. no more info  \nvmassol - (15:35): (for ex: http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/#Information)  \nsburjan - (15:35): this one has no backlinks section.  \nvmassol - (15:35): I don't recall if backlnks are only in the same wiki or not  \nvmassol - (15:36): sburjan: so you can do is a search  \nspliffy - (15:36): vmassol: hm. it's there: 36838 Fri Nov 19 02:16:32 CET 2010 xwiki.hbm.xml  \nvmassol - (15:36): spliffy: can you cehck your hibernate.cfg.xml?  \nvmassol - (15:37): it references the hbm file  \nvmassol - (15:37): s/file/files/  \nspliffy - (15:37): ok  \nsburjan - (15:37): vmassol: it doesnt have a parent either ...  \nsburjan - (15:37): looks pretty orphan  \nvmassol - (15:37): http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/LuceneSearch?text=ActionBars&x=0&y=0  \nvmassol - (15:38): mentioned in two IRC chats ;)  \nvmassol - (15:38): this one and another older one  \nsburjan - (15:38): oh nooo :((  \nsburjan - (15:38): :)  \nsburjan - (15:38): deleting it  \nvmassol - (15:38): \"sburjan - (09:58): vmassol : should I make a complete redesign of http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/ActionBars ? It looks pretty obsolete.. with references to XWiki 2.1\"  \nspliffy - (15:38): vmassol: it cointains the mapping. exactly one time: <mapping resource=\"xwiki.hbm.xml\"/>  \nsabageru left at 15:38 (Ping timeout: 252 seconds  \nvmassol - (15:39): sburjan: you can read it here: http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20100617  \nsburjan - (15:39): I know  \nsburjan - (15:39): :)  \nsburjan - (15:39): reading now  \njstoldt - (15:39): just found a weird bug  \nvmassol - (15:39): silviar - (10:20): I agree; the page doesn\u2019t make sense anymore  \nvmassol - (15:39): silviar - (10:20): expecially since we are only documenting the latest version of colibri  \nvmassol - (15:39): silviar - (10:21): I will remove it\u2019s content and redirect users to the other relevant pages  \nvmassol - (15:39): silviar - (10:21): \\*its  \nvmassol - (15:39): evalica joined #xwiki at 10:22  \nvmassol - (15:39): vmassol - (10:22): ok thanks  \nvmassol - (15:40): so silviar hasn't removed it! :)  \nsburjan - (15:40): :)  \njstoldt - (15:40): i checked the document index and deleted a binned attachment from there  \nsburjan - (15:40): but I will ! :)  \njstoldt - (15:40): turns out the string is displayed in English much rather than german  \nvmassol - (15:40): I love our xwikibot ;)  \njstoldt - (15:40): even though it's been translated!  \nsburjan - (15:40): me too :)  \njstoldt - (15:41): any ideas?  \njvelociter - (15:41): vmassol: we can upgrade xwiki.org to 2.6 this afternoon if you want. I have some time just right now  \nsburjan - (15:41): vmassol: I can't remove it.. don't have rights :))  \nvmassol - (15:41): jvelociter: ahah interesting\u2026. I wonder if it's too dangerous to do right now  \nvmassol - (15:41): jvelociter: we should maybe start with myxwiki.org  \njvelociter - (15:41): myxwiki.org has not been upgraded yet ?  \nsburjan - (15:42): afaik it was  \nvmassol - (15:42): jvelociter: or we take the risk\u2026. :)  \nsburjan - (15:42): but first delete that page :)  \nvmassol - (15:42): myxwiki.org is on XWIKI ENTERPRISE 2.6-RC-2.32813 -  \nvmassol - (15:43): sburjan: strange the page has no special rights  \nvmassol - (15:43): sburjan: so it's not linked from the release notes anymore?  \nvmassol - (15:43): deleting....  \nsburjan - (15:43): it was linked within WatchlistApplication  \nsburjan - (15:43): and I removed t hat link  \nvmassol - (15:44): done  \nspliffy - (15:44): vmassol: the reason was a custom mapping i referenced. but i don't know exactly why it failed yet.  \njvelociter - (15:44): vmassol: I'm for living on the edge, but I let you decide :) bb in 5  \nvmassol - (15:44): XE 2.6 is actually a bit dangerous  \nspliffy - (15:44): vmassol: thanks for your time  \nvmassol - (15:45): since it could cause some perf issues  \njvelociter - (15:45): vmassol: cot cot cot  \nvmassol - (15:45): due to the new transformations added  \njvelociter - (15:45): ;)  \nvmassol - (15:45): hehe  \nvmassol - (15:45): :)  \nvmassol - (15:45): me, chicken feet?  \njvelociter - (15:45): we don't have to activate them  \nvmassol - (15:45): indeed  \nvmassol - (15:46): you have backups this time?  \nvmassol - (15:46): :)  \nspliffy - (15:46): vmassol: the custom mapping didn't cause errors with rc2  \njvelociter - (15:46): hehe of xwiki.org yes always  \njvelociter - (15:46): ( it was myxwiki)  \nvmassol - (15:46): (I know)  \nvmassol - (15:46): jvelociter: ok we can try, when are you ready?  \nvmassol - (15:47): also what do others think?  \njvelociter - (15:47): I'm ready in 10 minutes  \njvelociter - (15:47): (if we want to do it that is)  \njvelociter - (15:47): brb  \nvmassol - (15:47): btw I'd love that evalica help us to remove our oldish skin on xwiki.org and use the new colibri skin with color themes  \nevalica - (15:48): and help consist in? .. I mean why doesn't it work by default?  \nevalica - (15:48): we need a theme?  \nvmassol - (15:48): evalica: well I guess the home page needs some redesign  \nvmassol - (15:48): + choosing the themes for each subwiki  \nvmassol - (15:48): I think you started at some point no?  \nevalica - (15:49): aha .... yes - can't remember if there were conclusions  \nvmassol - (15:49): we can just do it, and let people comment aftewards and adjust...  \nvmassol - (15:49): ;)  \nevalica - (15:49): :)  \nvmassol - (15:50): evalica: would you have a few minutes this afternoon? We could do a SWAT team effort between jerome, you and me  \nvmassol - (15:50): we upgrade to 2.6 and take the occasion to change the skin  \nevalica - (15:51): k  \nvmassol - (15:51): all that is needed IMO is something for the home page  \nvmassol - (15:51): it could be someting simple for now. It has to be good looking though  \nvmassol - (15:51): (even if simple)  \nevalica - (15:52): actually if we change it today - we can keep what we have, but just fix the bugs  \nvmassol - (15:53): ok  \njstoldt - (15:54): i'm out. see you tomorrow  \nvmassol - (15:54): evalica: http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/?skin=colibri  \njstoldt left at 15:54 (Quit: Page closed  \nvmassol - (15:58): sburjan: you're doing it the wrong way  \nvmassol - (15:58): the doc should be in the watchlist app  \nvmassol - (15:58): since that's where the feature is  \nrstavro - (15:58): How hard would it be to implement the possibility to remove document languages? Currently on removing a document, all its languages are being removed at the same time.  \nsburjan - (15:59): well .. back to swuare one  \nsburjan - (16:00): If I move the documentation from Notif to WatchlistApp, should I only leave a link in Notification page ?  \nvmassol - (16:00): sburjan: that's not what I proposed  \nvmassol - (16:00): I said (from memory):  \nevalica - (16:00): vmassol: http://img683.imageshack.us/i/webhome.png/  \nvmassol - (16:00): - explain the differnt ways of gettings notifications  \nvmassol - (16:00): - explain the watchlist quickly in 1 sentence  \nvmassol - (16:01): - link to the watchlist app for more details  \nvmassol - (16:01): - have one screenshot per feature to make the page look nice  \nsburjan - (16:01): ok  \nvmassol - (16:02): evalica: you're fast!  \nvmassol - (16:02): :)  \nvmassol - (16:02): now we just need to pick the colors, we could keep the same tones as the current wikis for now, wdyt?  \nevalica - (16:03): vmassol: and when we change our mind to change the skin we do the variations for the http://incubator.myxwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Improvements/XWikiOrgProposal2  \nvmassol - (16:03): yeah I'd love to do that one  \nvmassol - (16:11): who feels like upgrading myxwiki.org to 2.6 final?  \nvmassol - (16:11): :)  \nevalica - (16:11): vmassol: http://xwiki.markmail.org/thread/2b3io6wv4yzr324q but .... no conclusions either  \njvelociter - (16:13): vmassol: evalica OK I'm ready for the migration to 2.6  \nevalica - (16:13): I will need some admin rights to change the skin and add some colorthemes  \nsburjan - (16:13): fingers crossed  \nsburjan - (16:14): :D  \nvmassol - (16:14): evalica: proposal 6 or 7 seemed to have some people liking them  \nevalica - (16:14): yes .. but they have ... dark color background  \nevalica - (16:14): so we would need a new logo  \nevalica - (16:14): I can make some variation from those ones  \nevalica - (16:14): dark color header ....  \nvmassol - (16:14): ok good in the meantime jvelociter and I will upgrade the platform  \nvmassol - (16:15): last call: anyone against taking the risk to upgrade xwiki.org to XE 2.6?  \nvmassol - (16:15): jvelociter: we need to be able to go back to the previous version in case of problem  \njvelociter - (16:15): vmassol: sure, we always can  \nvmassol - (16:15): jvelociter: should we put the wiki in read mode for the time being?  \njvelociter - (16:16): we always leave the previous webapp available  \njvelociter - (16:16): yes  \njvelociter - (16:16): for the time of the DB dump that's a good idea  \nsburjan - (16:16): I sugges a full backup  \nsburjan - (16:16): \\*suggest  \njvelociter - (16:16): let me find the upgrade instruction  \njvelociter - (16:16): sburjan: yes that's part of the process  \nsburjan - (16:16): so toucan goes bye bye :)  \nevalica - (16:22): vmassol: if you want we can keep the white logo just like the proposals  \nsdumitriu - (16:22): vmassol: Any comments on XPAS-29 ?  \nvmassol - (16:22): evalica: ok  \nvmassol - (16:22): sdumitriu: not read it  \nsdumitriu - (16:22): vmassol: Exactly  \nevalica - (16:22): so for the others:  \nevalica - (16:22): Proposal 7: http://incubator.myxwiki.org/xwiki/bin/download/ColorThemes/XWATCH7/XWATCH7.png  \nevalica - (16:22): Proposal 6: http://incubator.myxwiki.org/xwiki/bin/download/ColorThemes/PlainBlue/XWATCH6.png  \nvmassol - (16:23): sdumitriu: Exactly? :)  \nvmassol - (16:23): evalica: indeed 7 is nicer for me  \nsdumitriu - (16:23): Exactly, you didn't read it, I was pinging you about it  \njvelociter - (16:23): I prefer 7  \nsdumitriu - (16:23): +1 7  \nevalica - (16:24): yeah guys ... 7 looks nice because of the colors :P but now I have to find other super colors for all the wikis :P k k  \nsdumitriu - (16:25): rstavro: XWIKI-5720 is a duplicate  \nsdumitriu - (16:25): Also, it is possible to delete just one translation, but only a translation, not the default version  \nvmassol - (16:29): evalica: re http://incubator.myxwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Improvements/XWikiOrgProposal2 is it only screenshots at this stage or does the skin exist?  \nevalica - (16:30): vmassol: locally I have the skin working - but is all hacked - but some parts can be reused - mostly CSS  \nevalica - (16:31): the stucture is hacked - having numerous spaces, panels, things hard coded  \nevalica - (16:31): and no interactivity :P  \nvmassol - (16:31): yeah I figured that part :)  \nvmassol - (16:32): sburjan: you did test XEM 2.6 right?  \nvmassol - (16:33): jerome says there might be a problem starting it, checking  \nsburjan - (16:33): vmassol: the download link pointed to 2.5.1  \nsburjan - (16:33): after the release you fixed that  \nsburjan - (16:33): the link  \nvmassol - (16:33): sburjan: the release is done in 2 phases. First in maven  \nvmassol - (16:34): then on ow2 and xwiki.org  \nvmassol - (16:34): when I asked for testing I pointed to the maven urls  \nvmassol - (16:34): so did you test XEM 2.6 in the end?  \nsburjan - (16:35): no  \nvmassol - (16:36): ok jerome confirmed that the startup issue was caused \u00a0by a plugin leftover in 2.5.1 and it's not in 2.6  \nsburjan - (16:36): I didn't worked with XEM that much  \nvmassol - (16:36): sburjan: next time please test it too  \nsburjan - (16:36): I tested it a few times back on 2.4 and 2.5  \nvmassol - (16:36): a good opportunity to learn it!  \nvmassol - (16:36): :)  \nrstavro - (16:40): \u00a0sdumitriu : what is the duplicated issue? I couldn't find it  \nevalica - (16:40): vmassol: enterprise, platform, manager, watch, xeclipse, xoffice - code, dev, playground. Other wikis?  \nvmassol - (16:41): evalica: sounds good  \nevalica - (16:42): k thanks  \n\n"}