{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20100420", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20100420", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\njvdrean joined #xwiki at 00:13  \nvmassol - (00:15): jvelociter: hi, I don't understand the need for your noscript macro  \njvdrean left #xwiki at 00:15  \nvmassol - (00:15): what's the difference with {{{\u2026}}} for example?  \nvmassol - (00:16): ok I think I see  \nvmassol - (00:16): it executes everything except script macros  \nvmassol - (00:17): I'm still curious to understand why a combination of {{{\u2026}}} and standard wiki syntax wouldn't work  \nvmassol - (00:17): maybe you're doing some {{include}} and don't fully control its content  \nvmassol - (00:18): or something like this  \nvmassol - (00:18): :)  \nvmassol left at 00:34 (Quit: Leaving.  \nDenis left at 07:04 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nDenis joined #xwiki at 07:10  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 07:23  \nDenis1 joined #xwiki at 07:39  \nDenis left at 07:41 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 07:45  \nkibahop joined #xwiki at 07:48  \nkibahop left #xwiki at 08:22  \nnpm left at 08:41 (Quit: Leaving.  \nnpm joined #xwiki at 08:43  \nDenis1 is now known as Denis ([[email\u00a0protected]](https://dev.xwiki.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 09:22  \nEnygma` joined #xwiki at 09:22  \nlucaa left at 09:27 (Quit: Leaving.  \nevalica joined #xwiki at 09:29  \nsilviar joined #xwiki at 09:30  \njvelociter - (09:37): Hi vmassol . Re the noscript macro, I actually don't have a need for it. I wrote it as an exercice in a developer training session. Though I see one use case, which I describe on the macro page : when you have user input (or other external) input in syntax 2.0 (for example let say comments on pages)  \njvelociter - (09:38): (it should not be needed ideally, but with our current programming right model, it would be to be real safe, since you can't predict a page is or is not saved with programming rights)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (09:38): jvelociter: That's cool, do you handle possibilities like onclick=?  \njvelociter - (09:39): CalebJamesDeLisl: actually it's no JSR223 {{script}} :)  \njvelociter - (09:39): but we could forbid HTML easily, too  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (09:39): Ahh yes, I forgot.  \njvelociter - (09:39): forbidding just <script> might be a bit trickier  \nvmassol - (09:41): jvelociter: ok thanks. That's the only use case I could find too.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (09:41): Ahh, there's more than just <script> :( \u00a0http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/browse/XWIKI-4874  \njvelociter - (09:41): vmassol: there is another one though  \njvelociter - (09:42): for the case you have a lot of external input, and that you display say in a table. You are lazy and don;t want verbatim in all cells :)  \njvelociter - (09:42): (but that's not good practice one could argue)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (09:44): I've been feeling down about our security policy. All of this secrecy seems to be hurting the efficiency of fixing the problems.  \nvmassol - (09:44): external mixed input is the use case indeed  \nvmassol - (09:44): CalebJamesDeLisl: yes we need to revisit it  \njvelociter - (09:45): xipe could not agree more I believe :)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (09:45): Perfect example is http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/browse/XWIKI-4755 \u00a0\u00a0I think we can only fix this with a character filter which gives up the secret.  \njvelociter - (09:46): well at some points the commits give up the secret anyway  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (09:46): In some cases we can rewrite things and hide it, but sometimes we just can't.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (09:47): Also I think we need to synchronize with the Hibernate folks since 4755 is really their issue.  \ntmortagne left at 09:55 (Remote host closed the connection  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 09:56  \nKermitTheFragger joined #xwiki at 10:00  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 10:03  \nglerouge joined #xwiki at 10:05  \nvmassol - (10:05): mflorea: haven't read it but maybe this is useful to us: http://www.infoq.com/articles/gwt\\_unit\\_testing ?  \nvmassol - (10:06): (or maybe not)  \ngvallarelli joined #xwiki at 10:16  \ngvallarelli - (10:16): Hi XWikiers!  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (10:17): Hi gvallarelli  \nmflorea - (10:21): vmassol: it's an interesting article, but I'm not convinced their approach is suitable when you have lots of browser specific code (and it's not always a matter of choice when you deal with JavaScript). They say they rewrite the native methods (=JavaScript code) in Java but I'm not sure this is possible for all the custom IE API I'm using to make the editor work as in FF. Sooner or latter you have to run the tests in the environment, i.e. in the browser. Fro  \nvmassol - (10:21): do we have a strategy right now?  \nvmassol - (10:21): for testing GWT stuff  \nvmassol - (10:21): and is it documented on dev.xwiki.org in the testing section?  \nvmassol - (10:22): something like: we use GWTTestCase for unit testing and this is how to use it  \nvmassol - (10:22): and we use selenium tests for functional tests, etc  \nvmassol - (10:22): (is that our current strategy?)  \nvmassol - (10:23): I think http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/Testing lacks a bit of info re gwt testing  \nmflorea - (10:23): it's not documented, only me and Anca have written GWT unit tests so far I think. The \"rule\" is, as I said, to write plain unit tests for code that is not UI related and that is not browser specific and to write GWTTestCase for the rest. Currently, in our gwt module we have both types of tests  \nnickless joined #xwiki at 10:25  \nmflorea - (10:26): I'll find the time to add this info to Community.Testing page  \nvmassol - (10:28): ok gr8  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 10:30  \ntmortagne - (10:33): does someone knows a way to access panel document from the panel itself when it's rendered in the context of a document ?  \ntmortagne - (10:33): does not seems to exists any context variable with the panel  \nvmassol - (10:34): don't we have a $panelDoc or somethinf?  \nvmassol - (10:34): it would be defined in macros.vm  \nvmassol - (10:34): (if it exists)  \ntmortagne - (10:34): i already looked and nothing is set in displayPanel  \ntmortagne - (10:34): displaypanel  \ntmortagne - (10:35): but in case i'm asking in case i did not seen something  \nvmassol - (10:35): tmortagne: I see this:  \nvmassol - (10:35): #if ($paneldoc && $paneldoc != \"\")  \nvmassol - (10:35): so it must be set somewhere I guess  \nvmassol - (10:35): checking  \ntmortagne - (10:36): it's a local variable of the macro  \ntmortagne - (10:36): a velocity variable  \ntmortagne - (10:36): i don't know if you can access this variable in the panel itself  \nvmassol - (10:36): \u00a0\u00a0#set ($paneldoc = $xwiki.getDocument($name))  \nvmassol - (10:36): can you try?  \ntmortagne - (10:36): but anyway i want to access this information from java  \nvmassol - (10:36): ah  \ntmortagne - (10:37): basically i would need some \"realcurrentdoc\" context entry  \nDenis - (10:38): tmortagne: I have used vcontext.get('panel') or $panel for that, but this is clearly a hack IMO  \nDenis - (10:39): you should also default to the current doc for the case you are on the panel doc, and no $panel is defined when you display the panel there  \ntmortagne - (10:41): i'm not really writing something in a panel, my use case is to know the real document of the source when i'm in getRenderedContent  \ntmortagne - (10:41): (the one that take the source as string)  \nDenis - (10:42): than you ask to wrong question, and my feeling is that there is no answer currently  \nDenis - (10:42): there is a serious issue in the way templates, panels, and other interface element are displayed...  \ntmortagne - (10:42): i knows there is nothing to know the real current document  \ntmortagne - (10:43): i just trying to find a way to resolve it for now  \nDenis - (10:43): good luck !  \ntmortagne - (10:43): yes...  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (10:51): vmassol: Any comment on my secure filesystem access proposal? I think it is relevant to your work on components.  \nvmassol - (10:54): CalebJamesDeLisl: sorry otp right now and no I haven't thought enough about it. I started thinking about it but I don't have enough context to answer  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (10:55): Ok  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 10:58  \nsdumitriu - (11:05): jvelociter: Where's the noscript macro?  \njvelociter - (11:05): not uploaded right now, I had issues with internet yday  \njvelociter - (11:05): but I will do that now  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (11:10): I was saying earlier that I feel like the current security methods are constraining the attempts to fix bugs. I seem to recall you sdumitriu were an advocate of the way things are currently done, maybe you can speak to my concerns?  \nmariusbutuc joined #xwiki at 11:10  \njvelociter - (11:11): sdumitriu: it's there now:)  \ntmortagne - (11:14): jvelociter: we should probably add a remove method in org.xwiki.rendering.block.Block  \njvelociter - (11:14): tmortagne: agreed, I looked for it initially ;)  \njvelociter - (11:15): (forgot to report it after the training session)  \ntmortagne - (11:15): just one thing, this macro should be a java macro IMO  \ntmortagne - (11:15): you would not need to render it back to xwiki/2.0 syntax  \ntmortagne - (11:17): also your macro support only xwiki/2.0 syntax  \ntmortagne - (11:17): in java it would support any syntax  \njvelociter - (11:17): tmortagne: yes it would be better. Originally it was an illustration of wiki macros and rendering APIs  \njvelociter - (11:17): it's not really meant to be used as is  \ntmortagne - (11:18): i think we should have a way to return java Block object in wiki macro  \ntmortagne - (11:19): it's not difficult, we just need something like xcontext.macro.return(blocks)  \ntmortagne - (11:19): it would havoid having to render blocks to reparse it if you already have them  \ntmortagne - (11:20): creating an issue for it  \njvelociter - (11:22): ok  \ntmortagne - (11:25): ( http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/browse/XWIKI-5124 )  \nmflorea left at 11:26 (Quit: Leaving.  \njvelociter - (11:46): interesting post on facebook JS perf http://ajaxian.com/archives/facebook-javascript-jsconf  \nbougie - (11:54): tmortagne: hello  \nbougie - (11:54): my auth is working :)  \ntmortagne - (11:54): bougie: hi  \ntmortagne - (11:54): ha great :)  \nplunden1 joined #xwiki at 11:55  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (11:56): We don't have as much js as facebook, I think our main problem is it's spread over a lot of files. Unifying them would pick things up dramatically but I don't want to develop that until the new action model is in place.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (11:58): A concept that I find interesting is sandboxing user script so we don't have to filter out all possible XSS.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (12:01): The most simplistic form would be window.xmlHttpRequest = undefined; and any code which ran after that would not be able to make ajax requests.  \nsdumitriu - (12:04): Not quite  \nsdumitriu - (12:04): In IE, which is the most troublesome, AJAX is done with an activeX object  \nsdumitriu - (12:05): And I doubt you can get rid of them that easily  \nsdumitriu - (12:05): Plus, you would prevent ALL code from doing Ajax, since there is only one global scope  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (12:06): Well I would want the code which needs xmlHttpRequest to get references and store them in closures where they are safe first.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (12:07): But the IE issue is a breaker.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (12:08): There is also Caja rewriter but I haven't looked into it much  \nvmassol - (12:12): guys the jira service is going to be restarted by the infra team to apply a security patch  \njvelociter - (12:13): (1:00 pm Paris time)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (12:14): vmassol: Do you have any specific questions about the secure filesystem access proposal?  \nvmassol - (12:15): not right now caleb, I don't want to be a blocking point. I won't have time to think about before 2-3 weeks from now  \nvmassol - (12:15): (one week of holiday + one week business travel + one week preparation of a training + my stuff I work on,e tc)  \nvmassol - (12:15): I think you should make some more global architecture proposal  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (12:16): Ok. Maybe someone else can look at it? I would like to have at lease one community member review it before I start work.  \nvmassol - (12:16): CalebJamesDeLisl: you're workong on how many things at once? :)  \nvmassol - (12:16): actions, invitation, security, perfs, etc ;)  \nvmassol - (12:17): on my side  \nvmassol - (12:17): I need a vision of where we want to go in the new architecture re general authentication/authorization too  \nvmassol - (12:17): before I can answer some specific question in one specific area  \nvmassol - (12:18): sorry got to go again (was in meeting and now need to go for lunch...)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (12:18): Ok. actions and js performance seem to be stalled at the moment, everything else is waiting on the list.  \nflorinciu left at 12:28 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 12:34  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (12:35): Hmm, apparently I never send the mail asking how to add the email inviter to the sandbox. Just sent.  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 12:37  \nnickless left at 13:02 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nnickless joined #xwiki at 13:27  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 13:41  \ngvallarelli - (13:47): so the 16 proposal win  \nsdumitriu - (13:47): Yes  \nsdumitriu - (13:47): But it still needs to be changed  \nsdumitriu - (13:48): So, do you know what your chances are to get a slot?  \ngvallarelli - (13:49): I don't know anything... Except that proposal sent to nescent are 30 and there are a lot of good ones  \narkub joined #xwiki at 13:50  \ngvallarelli - (13:50): maybe in this week I'll know something, maybe... But at this point I don't take care too much, I'll wait for the final results  \nsdumitriu - (13:50): Yes, best thing is not to worry too much  \nsdumitriu - (13:51): The outcome will be the same wether you worry or relax  \ngvallarelli - (13:51): yep  \ngvallarelli - (13:52): I agree with the decision to improve 16 proposal, and I voted for 16 in the first round but after that I've seen the second iteration of pencils (4 proposal) I like it more than 16  \nmariusbutuc left at 13:57 (\\*.net \\*.split  \nxipe left at 13:57 (\\*.net \\*.split  \nmariusbutuc joined #xwiki at 14:03  \nxipe joined #xwiki at 14:03  \nplunden left at 14:17 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nflorinciu left at 14:30 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 14:31  \narkub left at 14:34 (Ping timeout: 258 seconds  \nsilviar left #xwiki at 14:41  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (14:50): Is the standard for translation keys supposed to be camel case or not?  \nglerouge - (14:50): not necessarily  \nsdumitriu - (14:51): Caleb: YES, YES!  \nsdumitriu - (14:51): Don't listen to glerouge  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (14:51): Ok, I was wondering if we were going to camel case or from it :)  \nsdumitriu - (14:52): To  \nglerouge - (14:52): I thought it was some.translation.key=Some translation value  \nglerouge - (14:52): where's CamelCase in that?  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (14:53): some.thisVeryCoolTranslation.key=Translation...  \nglerouge - (14:53): for a real one? ;)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (14:53): xe.blog.manageCategories.comment.updatedParent=Updated category parent  \nglerouge - (14:54): I'm going to go bury myself and I'll be back  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (14:54): :)  \nmariusbutuc left at 14:55 (Quit: Leaving.  \nevalica left at 15:52 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nEnygma` left at 15:52 (Quit: Leaving.  \narkub joined #xwiki at 16:16  \narkub left at 16:17 (Remote host closed the connection  \narkub joined #xwiki at 16:24  \nflorinciu left at 16:30 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 16:32  \nnickless left at 16:36 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:53): Any suggestion for what translation keys should be named for the liveValidation translations?  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:54): platform.js.validation.okMessage=Ok  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:54): ?  \nsdumitriu - (16:56): Caleb, can you make a patch?  \nsdumitriu - (16:57): And bug me until I review it?  \nsdumitriu - (16:57): platform, ok  \nsdumitriu - (16:57): I'm not sure about js  \nsdumitriu - (16:57): Better not  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:57): A patch for validation translations?  \nsdumitriu - (16:57): validation, ok  \nvmassol - (16:57): sdumitriu: we have a rule defined for translation keys? I remember discussing it but I don't see any rule defined on dev.xwiki.org  \nvmassol - (16:58): (and i don't recall details of that discussion or whether we reached a conclusion)  \nvmassol - (16:58): we do have a rule for naming config properties though  \nsdumitriu - (16:58): We have some rules, but the rules aren't very precise  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:58): The other day you referenced an email thread but it was for configuration files.  \nsdumitriu - (16:58): They just say that it should be application.part.key  \nsdumitriu - (16:59): From there, it's common sense  \nsdumitriu - (16:59): Like any naming rule, there are just some suggestions that leave plenty of room for variations  \ngvallarelli left at 16:59 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:00): and variations there are ;)  \nplunden1 left #xwiki at 17:00  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:01): One possibility to fix the old translations would be $msg.get2 gets using a new naming method and $msg.get uses the old (but I am involved in enough already.)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:02): So. platform.validation.okMessage=Ok?  \nsdumitriu - (17:02): Looks good so far  \nsdumitriu - (17:02): maibe validMessage?  \nsdumitriu - (17:02): ok is not very proper...  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:03): It's going to spend some time in the sandbox as a language pack first anyway.  \nsdumitriu - (17:03): Or, depending on how many messages there are, maybe:  \nsdumitriu - (17:03): platform.validation.messages.ok  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:04): I only have ok, fieldMandatory and invalidEmail at the moment.  \nvmassol - (17:04): naming stuff is the hardest part of programming ;)  \nsdumitriu - (17:05): vmassol: It's easy, just use i and j  \nsdumitriu - (17:05): :)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:05): You would think coming up with names was easy looking at the translations document (or any api for that matter)  \nsdumitriu - (17:08): The existng translations are not good inspiration  \nsdumitriu - (17:08): There are probably more than 5 different naming strategies in there  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:09): Yea I think there is a definite need for having a way to change translation keys without breaking old code.  \nvmassol - (17:15): that's not really possible caleb, by definition :)  \ntmortagne - (17:16): well we could maintain some kind of retro compatibility mapping, oldkey=newkey  \nvmassol - (17:16): the point of descriptive names in key names is to make it easy to use and meaningful, if you replace this with unique ids then you loose that feature  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:16): What tmortagne said.  \nvmassol - (17:16): yes retro is possible, ie aliases  \ntmortagne - (17:16): yep aliases  \ntmortagne - (17:16): aliases could be useful for other use cases  \nvmassol - (17:17): yes we talked about it tmortagne  \nvmassol - (17:17): btw I think this is supported already for our configuration files AFAIR  \nvmassol - (17:17): (it comes from commons-configuration)  \ntmortagne - (17:17): we cool look at what commons-configuration do then  \ntmortagne - (17:18): s/cool/could/  \nvmassol - (17:18): let me find the link  \nvmassol - (17:18): it transforms them into variables AFAIR  \nvmassol - (17:18): something like:  \nvmassol - (17:18): my.key1 = value1  \nvmassol - (17:18): my.key2 = ${my.key1}  \nvmassol - (17:18): let me find it  \nvmassol - (17:19): it' called variable interpolation  \nvmassol - (17:19): http://commons.apache.org/configuration/userguide/howto\\_basicfeatures.html#Variable\\_Interpolation  \nvmassol - (17:20): so the good news is that we can use this retro compat feature for our new config files :)  \ntmortagne - (17:20): \"application.title = ${application.name} ${application.version}\", that's nice, pretty much what is suggested some time ago for l10n when talking about rendering l10n  \ntmortagne - (17:21): if there is a reusable l10n value parser we should use it for l10n, would be more consistent  \ntmortagne - (17:21): that way it would fit my need for rendering  \nvmassol - (17:22): nice new maven refactoring in IDEA: http://bit.ly/9v26zt  \nvmassol - (17:23): I don't know any off the top of my head  \nvmassol - (17:23): well  \nvmassol - (17:23): EL is one  \nvmassol - (17:23): velocity is another  \nvmassol - (17:24): (el: http://java.sun.com/javaee/5/docs/api/javax/el/package-summary.html)  \nvmassol - (17:25): and a lot of others  \nvmassol - (17:27): http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1412132/use-property-in-a-properties-file  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:27): Is the message getter in rendering documented? I couldn't find it.  \nvmassol - (17:28): so we could use commons configuration for reading translation property files too  \nvmassol - (17:29): ie use xwiki-configuration  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:30): Hmm, looks like code reduction, and it's code which needs filesystem access.  \nvmassol - (17:33): (would need some sort of bridge between ResourceBundle and commons configuration)  \nvmassol - (17:35): reading http://n4.nabble.com/Commons-Configuration-for-i18n-td999273.html  \nmflorea left at 17:36 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa left at 17:37 (Quit: Leaving.  \nnickless joined #xwiki at 17:39  \nnickless left at 18:01 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nflorinciu left at 18:30 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nbougie - (18:51): tmortagne: if i give you my xwiki.cfg en my ldap schema, can you add my content to xwiki ldap page ?  \nbougie - (18:51): s/en/and  \ntmortagne - (18:52): bougie: best is to explain what you had to do to make auth work with your LDAP server (you just need to have an account on xwiki.org)  \ntmortagne - (18:53): you have all right to modify the page on xwiki.org  \njvdrean left at 19:01 (Quit: Leaving.  \nKermitTheFragger left at 19:09 (Quit: Leaving  \narkub left at 19:13 (Ping timeout: 258 seconds  \nbougie - (19:18): sorry for my english :/  \nglerouge left at 19:19 (Quit: Leaving.  \ntmortagne - (19:24): bougie: i doubt it's working with empty xwiki.authentication.ldap.bind\\_DN and xwiki.authentication.ldap.bind\\_pass  \nbougie - (19:24): when it's empty, it's an anonymous connexion  \nbougie - (19:25): and with opends, you can list and read some attributs  \ntmortagne - (19:25): ha ok ineed i forgot about that since i always configure LDAP for LDAP server that does not alllow anonymous access :)  \ntmortagne - (19:26): you should probably say it  \ntmortagne - (19:26): describe a little more what it's doing  \ntmortagne - (19:26): also you should remove so default values:  \ntmortagne - (19:28): xwiki.authentication.ldap.validate\\_password=0  \ntmortagne - (19:28): xwiki.authentication.ldap.UID\\_attr=cn  \ntmortagne - (19:28): xwiki.authentication.ldap.password\\_field (only used with xwiki.authentication.ldap.validate\\_password=1)  \ntmortagne - (19:28): xwiki.authentication.ldap.update\\_user=1  \ntmortagne - (19:28): xwiki.authentication.ldap.groupcache\\_expiration=3600xwiki.authentication.ldap.mode\\_group\\_sync=always xwiki.authentication.ldap.trylocal=1  \ntmortagne - (19:28): xwiki.authentication.ldap.groupcache\\_expiration=3600  \ntmortagne - (19:28): xwiki.authentication.ldap.mode\\_group\\_sync=always  \ntmortagne - (19:28): xwiki.authentication.ldap.trylocal=1  \ntmortagne - (19:28): to make more clear what is specific to ApacheDS  \ntmortagne - (19:28): OpenDS sorry  \ntmortagne - (19:29): like it's done for \"Apple Open Directory \u00a0Server\"  \ntmortagne - (19:39): bougie: great :)  \ntmortagne - (19:39): is uppercase I in \"DIrectory\" on purpose ? :)  \ntmortagne - (19:40): looking at the source remain me i need to convert this page to xwiki/2.0 syntax  \ntmortagne - (19:47): bougie: you have two different configurations for xwiki.authentication.ldap.bind\\_DN  \ntmortagne - (19:47): by bad  \ntmortagne - (19:47): missread  \ntmortagne - (19:48): bougie: \u00a0btw as far as i can see groupOfNames is part of the default group classes, it does not work without it ?  \ntmortagne left at 20:00 (Quit: Leaving.  \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 20:14  \nanamarias left at 20:14 (Client Quit  \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 20:15  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 20:18  \nkibahop joined #xwiki at 20:22  \nkibahop left #xwiki at 20:23  \nanamarias left at 20:53 (Quit: anamarias  \nflorinciu left at 21:08 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 21:11  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 21:37  \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 21:42  \nanamarias left at 21:45 (Client Quit  \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 21:48  \nanamarias left #xwiki at 21:50  \nDenis - (22:01): sdumitriu: would you want me to change the link into a button ?  \nsdumitriu - (22:02): Well, we're trying to keep the wiki accessible  \nsdumitriu - (22:02): This means that everything must work without javascript  \nsdumitriu - (22:02): So, the usual way to do it is:  \nsdumitriu - (22:02): - keep the href something that would work  \nDenis - (22:02): sdumitriu: agreed, but this .vm is already always in a lightbox  \nsdumitriu - (22:02): - add a listener from javascript  \nDenis - (22:03): it is not meant to be used outside of it, and would not work  \nsdumitriu - (22:03): Are you sure?  \nDenis - (22:03): <span class=\"buttonwrapper\"><input class=\"button\" type=\"submit\" name=\"formactionsave\" value=\"$msg.get(\"save\")\" onclick=\" window.lb.l  \nDenis - (22:03): <span class=\"buttonwrapper\"><input class=\"button\" type=\"submit\" name=\"formactioncancel\" value=\"$msg.get(\"cancel\")\" onclick=\" window.  \nDenis - (22:04): oups  \nDenis - (22:04): <span class=\"buttonwrapper\"><input class=\"button\" type=\"submit\" name=\"formactionsave\" value=\"$msg.get(\"save\")\" onclick=\" window.lb.lbSaveForm();\"/></span>  \nDenis - (22:04): <span class=\"buttonwrapper\"><input class=\"button\" type=\"submit\" name=\"formactioncancel\" value=\"$msg.get(\"cancel\")\" onclick=\" window.lb.lbHide(); window.lb.lbClearData(); return false;\"/></span>  \nDenis - (22:04): here is the form submits  \nDenis - (22:05): so in a lightbox or useless  \nDenis - (22:05): this is why I have done so  \nDenis - (22:05): we could refactor this UI, but this is not my initial goal  \nDenis - (22:06): just want to avoid the lightbox being replaced by a fullscreen document when you pass over the lock  \nsdumitriu - (22:06): K  \nsdumitriu - (22:07): Then you could leave it as it is for the moment  \nsdumitriu - (22:07): And in the future we'll have to redo this whole part  \nDenis - (22:09): sdumitriu: by the way, why have you only apply my patch for http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/browse/XWIKI-4378 to 2.3 and not 2.2, I would like to fixe XWIKI-5004 in 2.2 has well, since this is not risky (I use it myself in production), and this is completly broken  \nsdumitriu - (22:10): Well, 2.2 is an old branch, and usually only critical bugfixes should be in  \nsdumitriu - (22:10): If you need it, you could apply it, though  \nDenis - (22:12): ok, thanks  \nnickless joined #xwiki at 22:50  \nplunden joined #xwiki at 22:53  \nflorinciu left at 23:05 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvmassol left at 23:08 (Quit: Leaving.  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 23:10  \nDenis left at 23:27 (Quit: Leaving.  \njvdrean left at 23:50 (Quit: Leaving.  \nflorinciu left at 23:59 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \n\n"}