{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20100907", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20100907", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\nrrodriguez\\_ joined #xwiki at 00:26  \nrrodriguez\\_ left at 00:40 (Quit: rrodriguez\\_  \nrrodriguez\\_ joined #xwiki at 00:41  \nabusenius left at 00:56 (Quit: Konversation terminated!  \njvdrean1 joined #xwiki at 01:04  \njvdrean left at 01:05 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nsdumitriu - (01:20): Starting the release  \nvmassol - (01:20): yeah!  \nrrodriguez\\_ left at 01:25 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \njvdrean1 left at 01:28 (Quit: Leaving.  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 01:31  \nmflorea left at 01:49 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvmassol left at 01:50 (Ping timeout: 272 seconds  \nvenkatesh joined #xwiki at 04:41  \nvenkatesh left at 04:41 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nvenkatesh joined #xwiki at 04:41  \nsdumitriu left at 04:55 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nsburjan` joined #xwiki at 06:06  \nsburjan` left at 06:07 (Client Quit  \nsburjan` joined #xwiki at 06:07  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 06:41  \nDenis left at 07:03 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nDenis joined #xwiki at 07:09  \nflorinciu1 joined #xwiki at 07:20  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 07:52  \nevalica joined #xwiki at 08:19  \nvmassol left at 08:24 (Quit: Leaving.  \nEnygma` joined #xwiki at 08:30  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 08:35  \nkwoot joined #xwiki at 08:38  \nsilviar joined #xwiki at 08:46  \nfmancinelli joined #xwiki at 08:53  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 08:53  \ncjdelisle - (09:05): Seems that somehow I forgot to include a dependency for the crypto module. Since nothing uses it yet, I can just wait till the M1 release is over and include it for M2 if the release is already started.  \ncjdelisle - (09:06): What I'm not sure about is where I should include it. I think it should be a dependency in enterprise/web/pom but everything thus far has been in platform/web/standard/pom  \ncjdelisle - (09:07): I feel like it should be a dependency for enterprise/web because there's nothing in platform which depends on it.  \ntmortagne - (09:11): cjdelisle: not everything is in core, some implementation of very common API like slf4j-log4j12 (slf4j) and hibernate-validator (been validation) are in xwiki-web-standard so that someone can choose a different implementation easily  \ncjdelisle - (09:15): If there was a template which used crypto then i'd say definitely put the dependency in platform/web/standard/pom but there isn't so it seems silly to make a dependency for something which is not used anywhere in the platform.  \ntmortagne - (09:16): if absolutely nothing is using it then don't put it as dependency  \ncjdelisle - (09:16): Then it won't be included and people won't be able to use it.  \ntmortagne - (09:17): as for anything not included by default on the platform  \ntmortagne - (09:17): i don't understand what is the issue  \nflorinciu left at 09:17 (Quit: Leaving.  \ntmortagne - (09:17): either it's used or it's not used, if it's some suggestion of tool to use you can put it in crypto module documentation  \ncjdelisle - (09:18): So then ask the user to download the jar themselves?  \ntmortagne - (09:18): yes  \ntmortagne - (09:18): exactly like for ruby macro for example  \ntmortagne - (09:18): or any other extension  \ncjdelisle - (09:19): I guess that works, they will have to download 2 bouncycastle jars 2 but I suppose that's not insurmountable.  \ncjdelisle - (09:19): err 2 bouncycastle jars too.  \nfmancinelli left at 09:24 (Ping timeout: 255 seconds  \nasrfel joined #xwiki at 09:24  \nlucaa left at 09:27 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 09:30  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 09:34  \nsilviar left at 09:35 (Quit: Leaving.  \ncjdelisle - (09:39): Hmm. If it's an optional module then I will have to remove the configuration from xwiki.properties.  \ntmortagne - (09:40): cjdelisle: or indicate in xwiki.properties what has to be downloaded  \nsilviar joined #xwiki at 09:41  \ncjdelisle - (09:41): I suppose so. Hadn't planned on this.  \narkub joined #xwiki at 09:49  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 09:53  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 10:02  \nfmancinelli joined #xwiki at 10:08  \nrrodriguez left at 10:15 (Quit: rrodriguez  \nlucaa left at 10:18 (Ping timeout: 252 seconds  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 10:18  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 10:26  \ncjdelisle - (10:28): I made a mistake where crypto is not declared as a dependency anywhere, it's not used so Thomas tells me that's the right thing but it has configuration in xwiki.properties. Can we re release configuration-resources?  \ncjdelisle - (10:31): I wouldn't mind getting an idea of what a release is like (starting small), so I'd be happy to re-release it myself with a little guidance.  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 10:37  \nrrodriguez left at 10:42 (Client Quit  \ntmortagne - (10:45): cjdelisle: at worst I guess it's ok if it goes to 2.5M2  \ncjdelisle - (10:45): My thinking is I'll strip strip out the configuration if possible and then only officially release for 2.5M2  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 10:46  \ncjdelisle - (10:47): I also just discovered that velocity doesn't allow you to access fields (even public) so without a small change, the script service is less than useful.  \ncjdelisle - (10:48): Such is the risk of debugging entirely by writing unit tests :/  \njbrBridge - (10:48): [ritsu.and.mio] Hi hi Caleb. =]  \njbrBridge - (10:48): [ritsu.and.mio] ...  \njbrBridge - (10:48): \\*\\*\\* ritsu.and.mio stabs her internet connection  \njbrBridge - (10:48): [ritsu.and.mio] x.x  \ncjdelisle - (10:49): Hi ritsu.and.mio  \njbrBridge - (10:49): [ritsu.and.mio] brb.  \njbrBridge - (10:49): [ritsu.and.mio] lol hii. :3  \njbrBridge - (10:50): [Cindy Mitchell] Yay.  \njbrBridge - (10:50): [Cindy Mitchell] lol  \njbrBridge - (10:51): [Cindy Mitchell] Soo, anyway.. How're youu, Caleb?  \njbrBridge - (10:51): [Cindy Mitchell] it's been awhile. o:  \njbrBridge - (10:51): [Cindy Mitchell] lol.  \njbrBridge - (10:52): [Cindy Mitchell] Go PSI, lol.  \njbrBridge - (10:52): [CalebJamesDeLisle] Doing alright. The reason I'm lurking in the jabber chan is because I'm running the irc bridge and I want to keep and eye on it.  \njbrBridge - (10:53): [Cindy Mitchell] Ah.  \njbrBridge - (10:53): [Cindy Mitchell] well, while you're working on it  \njbrBridge - (10:53): [Cindy Mitchell] you should see about translating nicknames lol.  \njbrBridge - (10:53): [Cindy Mitchell] sometimes it doesn't work.  \njbrBridge - (10:53): [Cindy Mitchell] because sometimes people on the IRC side see me as just ircBridge, lol.  \njbrBridge - (10:54): [Cindy Mitchell] and i hate how pidgin takes me back to my account name <<;  \njbrBridge - (10:54): [CalebJamesDeLisle] I saw that, they wern't looking carefully because it showed up (for me on IRC) same as it does here when you see people on irc chatting.  \njbrBridge - (10:55): [Cindy Mitchell] Ah. o:  \njbrBridge - (10:55): [Cindy Mitchell] alrighty.  \njbrBridge - (10:55): \\*\\*\\* Cindy Mitchell stabs her c++ project.  \njbrBridge - (10:57): [CalebJamesDeLisle] I understand c++ is a huge mess. I have grown somewhat fond of c though.  \njbrBridge - (10:57): [Cindy Mitchell] heh  \njbrBridge - (10:57): [Cindy Mitchell] well, I'm an OO girl. <<  \njbrBridge - (10:58): [Cindy Mitchell] it's a bit of a mess, but I tend to avoid the messy parts.  \njbrBridge - (10:58): [Cindy Mitchell] thankfully none of my projects haven't required them, as of late.  \njbrBridge - (10:58): [CalebJamesDeLisle] OO is a big win I'll say that. Doesn't solve everything but it is much better.  \njbrBridge - (10:59): [Cindy Mitchell] Yah. It really does.  \njbrBridge - (10:59): [Cindy Mitchell] we tend to think in an object-oriented way as humans anyway  \njbrBridge - (10:59): [Cindy Mitchell] so, it kind of fits.  \njbrBridge - (11:00): [CalebJamesDeLisle] When you make things into objects, people come up with ways to make incompatable objects.  \njbrBridge - (11:01): [Cindy Mitchell] well, that's generally a conceptual mismatch  \njbrBridge - (11:01): [Cindy Mitchell] lol.  \njbrBridge - (11:02): [CalebJamesDeLisle] Like car parts, everyone makes em different and none fit.  \njbrBridge - (11:02): [Cindy Mitchell] lol, yah.  \nflaviusolaru joined #xwiki at 11:05  \njvdrean1 joined #xwiki at 11:07  \njbrBridge - (11:08): [CalebJamesDeLisle] As far as languages go though I do really like script because it makes it impossible to seperate the binary from the source.  \njvdrean left at 11:09 (Ping timeout: 272 seconds  \nvenkatesh left at 11:13 (Remote host closed the connection  \nlpereira joined #xwiki at 11:14  \nvenkatesh joined #xwiki at 11:20  \narkub left at 11:27 (Ping timeout: 258 seconds  \nflorinciu left at 11:48 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nsdumitriu - (12:01): Ready  \njbrBridge - (12:01): [Cindy Mitchell] Hi hi, sdumitiru. :3  \njbrBridge - (12:01): [Cindy Mitchell] ltns.  \nsdumitriu - (12:02): Hi Cindy Mitchell  \nsdumitriu - (12:02): Indeed  \nsdumitriu - (12:03): How is your project with XWiki going?  \nsdumitriu - (12:03): cjdelisle: Yes, the release can be redone  \njbrBridge - (12:03): [Cindy Mitchell] lol, slow, slow. I've kind of gotten busy with work. x\\_\\_x;  \nsdumitriu - (12:03): cjdelisle: What do you want to change?  \njbrBridge - (12:03): [Cindy Mitchell] you can just call me Cindy, or ritsu for that matter. o:  \ncjdelisle - (12:03): The xwiki.properties file shouldn't reference the crypto module if it needs to be downloaded seperate.  \ncjdelisle - (12:04): Should I commit that now?  \nsdumitriu - (12:06): Wait  \nsdumitriu - (12:06): What does it take to enable the crypto module?  \ncjdelisle - (12:07): I found that it has a problem with velocity (velocity can't reference fields) so I'd have to re-release crypto :/  \nsdumitriu - (12:08): I already have to re-release xwiki-core, so if you can instead change something there, it would be easier  \ncjdelisle - (12:08): Other than that, It's just a matter of making a dependency I think.  \ncjdelisle - (12:08): I really should have some more integration testing, I did all my tests as unit tests in isolation.  \ncjdelisle - (12:09): If you're going to rerelease core then I would like to make the change so it's atleast correct.  \nsdumitriu - (12:09): OK, can you make it in ~2 hours?  \ncjdelisle - (12:09): No pb.  \ncjdelisle - (12:10): Can you ping when ready?  \nsdumitriu - (12:10): I mean not starting in 2 hours, in at most 2 hours  \ncjdelisle - (12:10): The change is here, I just need to commit.  \nsdumitriu - (12:10): I can release other stuff until then  \ncjdelisle - (12:11): (I didn't want to mess with the tree while you're releasing unless I knew it was ok)  \nsdumitriu - (12:11): Go ahead, platform/core is free  \nsdumitriu - (12:11): So is enterprise  \nsdumitriu - (12:11): I'm releasing plugins and applications  \ncjdelisle - (12:12): My question is should I make the dependency in enterprise or in web?  \ncjdelisle - (12:12): Every other dependency is in web but nothing uses crypto yet.  \nsdumitriu - (12:12): Better in web, it's a critical component, no?  \nsdumitriu - (12:12): Or at least it will be  \ncjdelisle - (12:13): It's more analogous to a plugin at the moment. No dependencies yet.  \ncjdelisle - (12:15): I will put it in web then since that's the standard and I imagine it will find use in templates soon.  \ncjdelisle - (12:16): Is platform/web free to commit to?  \nsdumitriu - (12:17): Yes  \ncjdelisle - (12:20): Do I need a jira number? This was never released so it was never visible to any users.  \nsdumitriu - (12:21): You can reuse the one for moving crypto out of the sandbox  \ncjdelisle - (12:21): Good thinking.  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 12:24  \narkub joined #xwiki at 12:26  \nsdumitriu - (12:32): cjdelisle: I don't like \"getX509\" as a name that much, can you think of a better name?  \ncjdelisle - (12:33): It's a hack to support velocity $services.crypto.x509.verifyText...  \ncjdelisle - (12:34): I didn't know velocity couldn't see fields.  \ncjdelisle - (12:34): The name is indeed nondescriptive.  \ncjdelisle - (12:35): I like crypto.x509.verifyText etc. because it matches the package name.  \ncjdelisle - (12:37): another is $services.crypto.x509.certFromPEM  \ncjdelisle - (12:37): here x509 makes more sense.  \nsdumitriu - (12:38): K, then you can leave it like that  \ncjdelisle - (12:39): \\*sigh of relief\\* Thanks.  \nsdumitriu - (12:40): You're welcome, but you owe me big time  \nsdumitriu - (12:40): :p  \ncjdelisle - (12:41): Guess I'll have to do the next release then.  \nflorinciu - (12:42): re cjdelisle, tmortagne: I find it wierd that the crypto dependency is not declared. It will appear on jira and on the release notes, but it it will actually be missing from the released distributions.  \nflorinciu - (12:43): I tried the signed scripts demo and I was surprized to see that I needed to deploy crypto separatelly even if I had the latest war which should had contained it.  \ncjdelisle - (12:43): It's declared now. Sergiu and I decided that it would be the easiest way.  \nsdumitriu - (12:43): florinciu: Should be in 2.5M1  \ncjdelisle - (12:44): I really wasn't planning on not including it anyway and I don't like to be blindsided by decisions.  \nflorinciu - (12:44): :)  \ncjdelisle - (12:46): hmf \"java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.xpn.xwiki.web.SetCharacterEncodingFilter\" is this why you're rereleasing?  \nsdumitriu - (12:46): No  \nsdumitriu - (12:47): I forgot to update translations from l10n.xwiki.org  \ncjdelisle - (12:47): I just built web/standard then enterprise but not core. Maybe it's a problem on my box.  \nsdumitriu - (12:49): Could be  \nsdumitriu - (12:49): Did you git up everything?  \ncjdelisle - (12:49): I think that might be it. All commits are done, I'm going to build everything locally and get something to eat.  \nflaviusolaru1 joined #xwiki at 13:08  \nflaviusolaru left at 13:09 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nrrodriguez left at 13:11 (Quit: rrodriguez  \nsdumitriu - (13:11): tmortagne: What's the status on XWIKI-4262 ?  \nflaviusolaru1 left at 13:12 (Client Quit  \ntmortagne - (13:12): sdumitriu: nothing as been done on it  \ntmortagne - (13:13): it's weird there is \"In Progress\" even if nobody is assigned on it  \ntmortagne - (13:13): i will remove this state  \nsburjan` - (13:17): cjdelisle : did you commit the AttachmentTest with my code included ?  \nvmassol - (13:20): fwiw the xwiki dev pulse: https://devpulse.com/p/XWiki  \nvmassol - (13:21): (aggregating jira + svn only FTM)  \ntmortagne - (13:24): vmassol: it redirects to http://devpulse.com/about/, maybe we have to register ?  \nsdumitriu - (13:24): I think it requires log in  \ntmortagne - (13:25): indeed after register it's ok  \nvmassol - (13:25): hmmm checking  \nvmassol - (13:29): ok Mark (the author) told me they just discovered a bug. It shouldn't require auth. For now you can log in with an existing account (twitter, etc) and then access the url  \nsburjan` - (13:34): sdumitriu : did you commit the tests I sent you 2 weeks ago ? I'm asking because I want to make a checkout of distro tests  \nsburjan` - (13:35): so I can start writing the new batch of testes  \nsdumitriu - (13:36): sburjan`: Not yet  \nflaviusolaru joined #xwiki at 13:39  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 13:47  \nrrodriguez\\_ joined #xwiki at 13:48  \nrrodriguez left at 13:52 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nrrodriguez\\_ is now known as rrodriguez ([[email\u00a0protected]](https://dev.xwiki.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)  \nflaviusolaru left at 14:11 (Quit: Leaving.  \nflaviusolaru joined #xwiki at 14:27  \nsburjan` - (14:28): sdumitriu : will M1 be released today ?  \nsdumitriu - (14:29): Yes  \nsdumitriu - (14:29): Doing platform-core now  \nsdumitriu - (14:29): After that platform/web, enterprise and enterprise-manager  \nsdumitriu - (14:29): silviar: Did you start writing the release notes?  \nsburjan` - (14:33): sdumitriu : let me do them  \nsilviar - (14:34): I've started adding info for the \"New and noteworthy\" section here http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Drafts/25NewAndNoteworthy Are there new features to be documented in addition to editing the parent?  \nkwoot left at 14:34 (Quit: Page closed  \nsdumitriu - (14:35): For developers, http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/browse/XSKINX-40  \nsdumitriu - (14:36): Improved breadcrumbs?  \nvmassol - (14:37): is the Add menu fixed in 2.5M1?  \nvmassol - (14:37): (the overlapping over the logo)  \njvdrean1 - (14:37): vmassol: no, also the color of the button is not configurable in the color theme  \nsilviar - (14:38): sburjan: I'll help you with the release notes, since you said you wish to learn how to do them. You can start by writing a short review on the improved breadcrumbs  \nsdumitriu - (14:38): jvdrean1: Yes  \nsdumitriu - (14:38): I fixed it last night  \nsilviar - (14:38): sburjan: make sure you download the latest snapshot  \njvdrean1 - (14:38): oh  \njvdrean1 - (14:38): cool  \nsdumitriu - (14:38): Not the color, though  \nsburjan` - (14:39): silviar and where can I find infos about breadcrumbs ?  \nsilviar - (14:39): you have to write the information yourself  \nsilviar - (14:39): after you have tested the improvement  \nsdumitriu - (14:39): sburjan`: Also for devs, \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0XWIKI-5437  \nsilviar - (14:40): sburjan: you can then check that the screenshots added in Drafts.25NewAndNoteworthy are up to date with the latest snapshot; if not you should update them; once you are finished add all the info on that page to the actual release notes page  \nsburjan` - (14:41): I see  \ncjdelisle - (14:41): sburjan`: I included all of your test framework, I didn't include the 2 tests because I had duplicated them and also had some additional testing to prove the content was indeed placed in the database.  \nsburjan` - (14:41): I'm gonna start testing and writing the reviews .. I'd prefer not to do screenshots because of consistency problem I'm having  \nsdumitriu - (14:42): Hm, this could also be listed: XWIKI-5395  \nsburjan` - (14:42): cjdelisle : so the 2 methods I wrote weren't committed ?  \nsburjan` - (14:42): or what did you ommit to include ?  \ncjdelisle - (14:42): The 2 tests, no. all of your framework, yes.  \nsdumitriu - (14:43): XWIKI-5427 should be listed on the migration notes  \nsburjan` - (14:43): I still don't understand what framework you are talking about :)  \ncjdelisle - (14:43): The AttachmentPane which you wrote.  \nsilviar - (14:43): sburjan': I am creating the release notes page. You'll see it updated in a couple of minutes here  \nsdumitriu - (14:43): XWIKI-5468  \nsburjan` - (14:43): silviar okay  \nsdumitriu - (14:44): OK, that's all that is important for the relase notes  \nsburjan` - (14:44): so you committed the AttachmentPane, and none of my tests ?  \nsburjan` - (14:44): sdumitriu : should I make a short review on each issue you posted ?  \ncjdelisle - (14:44): rest is not building for me.  \ncjdelisle - (14:44): svn upped too.  \nsdumitriu - (14:45): sburjan`: The code in the tests was not committed, but the logic of the tests was committed since Caleb wrote similar tests himself  \nsdumitriu - (14:45): sburjan`: Yes, review  \nsdumitriu - (14:45): cjdelisle: You need to manually delete a source folder  \nsburjan` - (14:45): sdumitriu : yes, but we used total diffrent methods, he used velocity, I had a more user approach  \nsburjan` - (14:45): user/UI approach  \nsdumitriu - (14:46): cjdelisle: something with jaxb  \ncjdelisle - (14:46): Is that going to be fixed or is that perminant?  \nsdumitriu - (14:46): \u00a0Permanent  \nsdumitriu - (14:46): It's a leftover  \nsdumitriu - (14:46): JAXB generates some classes  \ncjdelisle - (14:46): So we can't build anymore without modding the src each time?  \nsdumitriu - (14:46): It used to generate them in src/main/java, which is wrong, since those are not really sources  \nsdumitriu - (14:46): Now it generates them in target  \ncjdelisle - (14:47): oh I see, one time.  \nsdumitriu - (14:47): But since src/main/java/...jaxb was not under version control, it isn't reported as a leftover  \ncjdelisle - (14:47): svn-clean.pl it is  \nsdumitriu - (14:47): And since mvn clean only deletes target/, the folder remains there  \nsilviar - (14:48): sburjan': You can use this page as example http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/ReleaseNotesXWikiEnterprise24M1  \nsdumitriu - (14:49): sburjan`, silviar: The screenshots on http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Drafts/25NewAndNoteworthy must be redone, since the add menu doesn't go outside the menu anymore  \nsilviar - (14:50): yup; already told sburjan' to update for latest changes  \nsilviar - (14:50): after downloading the latest snapshot  \nsdumitriu - (14:50): vmassol: I forgot to update http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Roadmap  \nsdumitriu - (14:50): Can you do it?  \nvmassol - (14:50): yes  \nsdumitriu - (14:51): vmassol: Also older roadmaps should be archived  \nvmassol - (14:51): yes I'll do that too  \nsilviar - (14:56): sburjan`: You already have a lot of stuff to document. I'll update the section about menu changes.  \nsburjan` - (14:58): I;m starting to write reviews on the issues sdumitriu invoked  \ntmortagne left at 15:01 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 15:01  \nflaviusolaru left at 15:03 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu - (15:13): mflorea: Ping  \nmflorea - (15:13): sdumitriu: pong  \nsdumitriu - (15:13): Do you know what happened with this key: importOfficePasteMenuItemCaption  \nsdumitriu - (15:14): It seems to be deleted from translations  \nsdumitriu - (15:14): Is that normal?  \nmflorea - (15:15): yes, it was removed because office paste feature was moved from the menu to the tool bar where its key is simply \"paste\"  \ntmortagne - (15:16): mflorea: only on trunk or on 2.4 too ?  \nmflorea - (15:16): let me see  \ntmortagne - (15:16): because if it's only trunk it should be deprecated  \ntmortagne - (15:17): otherwise it makes impossible to use translation in 2.4 branch  \nmflorea - (15:17): 2.4 too, http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/browse/XWIKI-5283 the office paste menu item was moved in 2.4M2  \ntmortagne - (15:18): ok  \nflorinciu2 joined #xwiki at 15:20  \nsilviar1 joined #xwiki at 15:20  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 15:21  \nflaviusolaru joined #xwiki at 15:21  \nvenkatesh left at 15:22 (Remote host closed the connection  \nlucaa left at 15:23 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nflorinciu left at 15:23 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nsilviar left at 15:23 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nrrodriguez left at 15:24 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nsilviar1 - (15:26): sburjan`: Some tips: When using a jira title as heading try to make it shorter, while keeping the initial meaning. Start with a capital letter. If the issue is too succinct add a bit more text to it to make it easier to understand (see my last changes)  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 15:31  \nsilviar1 left at 16:12 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsburjan` - (16:24): sdumitriu : ping  \nsdumitriu - (16:25): Pong  \nsburjan` - (16:25): XWIKI-5468  \nsburjan` - (16:25): I'm not sure I understand what is this about  \nsburjan` - (16:26): oh, I see.. JIRA style. this is a NICE feature  \nsburjan` - (16:26): +1  \nasrfel left at 16:28 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsburjan` - (16:33): sdumitriu : can you take a look at the release notes and tell me what should be improved ? (this is the first time I do this)  \nsdumitriu - (16:33): K  \nsburjan` - (16:33): maybe the flickr line should be moved to backward compatib  \nsdumitriu - (16:34): Yes  \nsburjan` - (16:35): we should also add something about the improvement in storage engine, but I don't know more exactly which are they, maybe cjdelisle cand enlighten me  \nsburjan` - (16:35): Yes to which one.. storage or flickr ?  \nsburjan` - (16:35): okay, moving  \ncjdelisle - (16:36): Fixed a nasty bug which prevented attachments from being saved by XML-RPC  \nsdumitriu - (16:36): Yes to flickr  \nsdumitriu - (16:36): Don't use the word \"nasty\" in the release notes  \ncjdelisle - (16:36): XWIKI-5405  \nsburjan` - (16:36): cjdelisle : that was the fix that broke all the storage engine ?  \ncjdelisle - (16:37): yea, nasty is not a good word for release notes ;)  \nsburjan` - (16:37): I know.. let me handle that :)  \nsburjan` - (16:37): and the lucene indexing errors weere related also to this bug ?  \nsdumitriu - (16:37): Added mechanism for inserting custom links in the header => You should put a {{code}} example  \ncjdelisle - (16:37): and yes, that was the hard change which introduced new bugs and exposed old bugs.  \nsburjan` - (16:37): sdumitriu : okay, I'll put the code you left on the JIRA issue  \nsdumitriu - (16:38): Fixed issue with Google search => Better external search engine indexing support  \nsdumitriu - (16:38): Keep the content menu visible => screenshot  \nsdumitriu - (16:39): General Notes, Migration Notes => Copy/Paste from the other release notes  \nsdumitriu - (16:39): Removed deprecated flickr plugin => Link to the svn sandbox, where the plugin is now  \nsdumitriu - (16:39): In general, you should try to remove bullets  \nsburjan` - (16:40): oh, okay  \nsdumitriu - (16:40): Keep them only where you're really enumerating stuff  \nsburjan` - (16:40): brb, refactoring time  \nsburjan` - (16:42): should I still include API breakage section in Migration Notes ?  \nvmassol - (16:42): yes  \nvmassol - (16:43): we need an api breakage section, definitely  \nlpereira left at 16:54 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsburjan` - (16:56): vmassol , is it better now ?  \nvmassol - (16:57): sburjan`: why is it missing the menu changes?  \nvmassol - (16:57): also you have a pb of headers  \nvmassol - (16:57): you have skipped a level  \ncjdelisle - (16:57): \"Though proprietary software is useful for many things, you can only trust software who's source code you are licensed to review.\"  \ncjdelisle - (16:58): hehehe  \nsburjan` - (16:58): vmassol : silvia will put them tomorrow I think  \nvmassol - (16:58): \" This allows to:\" doesn't fit with what's below  \nsburjan` - (16:58): I will put them now (the action menus)  \nvmassol - (16:58): I think the dev stuff should be grouped together under a \"For Developers\" section instead or something like that  \nsburjan` - (16:59): well.. this section wasn't in the 2.4 M1, I took structure from there  \nvmassol - (16:59): the majority of users won't care at all  \nvmassol - (17:00): the page is missing a parent too  \nsburjan` - (17:00): don;t know nothing about that  \nvmassol - (17:01): a nice release notes fwiw: http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/ReleaseNotesXWikiEnterprise22  \nvmassol - (17:02): \"The following APIs were modified since XWiki Enterprise 2.3:\" is wrong  \nvmassol - (17:02): it should be 2.4  \nvmassol - (17:02): are you sure these breakages were not in 2.4?  \nsburjan` - (17:03): the problem is that the page about action manus has gone from where it was ..  \nvmassol - (17:03): release notes for 2.4 are missing a breakage section it seems: http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/ReleaseNotesXWikiEnterprise24  \nsburjan` - (17:03): I have to ask for Silvia where she moved it  \nsburjan` - (17:05): vmassol : so I should split the content into 2 categories .. for users and for developers ?  \ncjdelisle - (17:12): Looks like the bot misses a save if it's already processing one at the time.  \ncjdelisle - (17:12): http://code.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Modules/CryptographicModule  \nsdumitriu - (17:19): It doesn't notify about new documents  \nsdumitriu - (17:19): (which is a bug0  \nsdumitriu - (17:19): )  \nsburjan` - (17:27): added the Action Menu section  \nsburjan` - (17:31): vmassol : what parent should I put to the release page ?  \nevalica left at 17:32 (Quit: Leaving.  \nflorinciu2 left at 17:33 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \ntmortagne - (17:41): sburjan`: the same as other releases notes: ReleaseNotes  \nsburjan` - (17:47): someone should add 2.5 M1 here too .. it seems I don't have the rights  \nsburjan` - (17:48): http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/ReleaseNotes  \ncjdelisle - (17:50): Is that supposed to be permission limited document?  \nsburjan` - (17:51): don't know. But I don't have the edit tab on this one  \ncjdelisle - (17:52): It doesn't seem right, it doesn't contain any PR code which would be broken by people editing.  \ncjdelisle - (17:54): If limiting permission on that was important, it's just 2 clicks to put it back.  \ntmortagne - (17:55): sburjan`: this is supposed to be done by the release manager when the release is done  \ntmortagne - (17:56): (i did not know it had special rights)  \ncjdelisle - (17:56): do you want me to set permission back or should we trust people to do the right thing?  \ntmortagne - (17:56): i don't think it was for permission issue but because there is no real reason to make it publicly editable and nobody can break it  \ntmortagne - (17:57): s/permission/programming/  \ncjdelisle - (17:59): I'm for \"open unless locks needed\" but if anyone feels the other way about it, I'm happy to set it back.  \nsburjan` - (17:59): I'm agree on protecting some pages. I said this only to ensure consistency, so that pgae is accessible easily. Didn't wrote that to express my unhappiness about not being able to edit.  \ntmortagne - (18:00): i'm just indication why it has probably be done that way, i would not have put any special right ;)  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 18:02  \nsburjan` - (18:02): well.. if the release manager is supposed to edit those pages, I'm okay with it :)  \nfmancinelli left at 18:26 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nlucaa1 left at 19:05 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nnpm left at 19:07 (Remote host closed the connection  \nnpm joined #xwiki at 19:08  \nnpm left at 19:11 (Remote host closed the connection  \nmflorea left at 19:16 (Quit: Leaving.  \nnpm joined #xwiki at 19:20  \nflaviusolaru left at 19:27 (Quit: Leaving.  \narkub left at 19:31 (Quit: Leaving  \ntmortagne left at 19:47 (Quit: Leaving.  \njvdrean1 left at 19:48 (Quit: Leaving.  \nabusenius left at 20:26 (Remote host closed the connection  \nvmassol left at 20:33 (Quit: Leaving.  \nfmancinelli joined #xwiki at 20:38  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 20:44  \nfmancinelli left at 20:44 (Quit: Lost terminal  \ncjdelisle - (21:13): Is hudson free? I'd like to run the site job again so that crypto will have javadoc.  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 21:28  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 21:30  \nlpereira joined #xwiki at 21:42  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 22:31  \nsdumitriu - (22:44): cjdelisle: Hudson is free  \nsdumitriu - (22:44): sburjan`: Still up?  \nsdumitriu left at 22:48 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 22:57  \nsburjan` left at 23:07 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nsburjan` joined #xwiki at 23:07  \nflorinciu1 left at 23:32 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nsdumitriu left at 23:41 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 23:48  \nflaviusolaru joined #xwiki at 23:53  \nsburjan` - (23:53): sdumitriu ping  \nlucaa left at 23:57 (Ping timeout: 258 seconds  \nabusenius left at 23:57 (Ping timeout: 252 seconds  \n  \n{{/code}}\n"}