{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20100203", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20100203", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\nxwikibot joined #xwiki at 08:52  \narkub joined #xwiki at 08:57  \nxenon75 joined #xwiki at 09:03  \nEnygma` left at 09:05 (Quit: Leaving.  \njvdrean left at 09:15 (Quit: Leaving.  \nplunden joined #xwiki at 09:16  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 09:19  \nxenon75 left at 09:29 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvmassol left at 09:45 (Quit: Leaving.  \nkibahop left #xwiki at 09:45  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 09:46  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 09:47  \nmflorea left at 09:49 (Quit: Leaving.  \nnpm joined #xwiki at 09:50  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 09:52  \nxenon75 joined #xwiki at 10:03  \nKermitTheFragger joined #xwiki at 10:14  \nlucaa left at 10:21 (Quit: Leaving.  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 10:52  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 10:54  \nlucaa left at 11:28 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 11:28  \nsdumitriu left at 12:14 (Ping timeout: 256 seconds  \nflaviusolaru joined #xwiki at 13:03  \nxenon75 left at 13:29 (Quit: Leaving.  \nxenon75 joined #xwiki at 13:34  \nglerouge joined #xwiki at 13:57  \nglerouge left at 13:58 (Remote host closed the connection  \nxwikibot joined #xwiki at 14:10  \nplunden left #xwiki at 14:11  \nplunden joined #xwiki at 14:22  \nvmassol - (14:44): guys, anyone has anything to commit before we start the release?  \nvmassol - (14:45): (on my side I can wait for 2.3M1 for the syntax change, it's better actually I think)  \nvmassol - (14:45): (since to do it well requires a lot of changes in practice)  \nvmassol - (14:46): jvdrean: are you done?  \njvdrean - (14:47): vmassol: yes  \nvmassol - (14:47): anyone else?  \nvmassol - (14:47): tmortagne: I think you can start the release  \nvmassol - (14:48): I'd like to create a branch once it's done  \nvmassol - (14:48): so that trunk becomes 2.3-SNAPSHOT  \nvmassol - (14:48): (as usual)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl joined #xwiki at 14:49  \ntmortagne - (14:59): vmassol: ok, so we don't wait for fr translation fixes ?  \nvmassol - (14:59): mflorea: are you ready?  \nvmassol - (14:59): I'll ping guillaume  \ntmortagne - (14:59): could go in final version  \ntmortagne - (14:59): it's not a big issue if it's not part of the rc  \nvmassol - (14:59): tmortagne: yes  \nmflorea - (15:00): vmassol: yes  \ntmortagne - (15:00): i'm reviewing issues still opened for 2.2  \nvmassol - (15:00): ok let's fix them in the final directly  \nvmassol - (15:00): ok  \nvmassol - (15:01): are all tests ok?  \nvmassol - (15:01): checking  \nmflorea - (15:03): might be one test failing on WYSIWYG but it will pass when web is rebuilt.  \nvmassol - (15:03): ahahah  \nvmassol - (15:03): re the hudson background image  \nmflorea - (15:03): :)  \nmflorea - (15:04): who put it there?  \nvmassol - (15:04): my guess is that it's the default bg  \nvmassol - (15:04): I upgraded recently  \nmflorea - (15:04): oh  \nmflorea - (15:04): :)  \nvmassol - (15:04): unless it's jv  \nvmassol - (15:04): the guy who writes hudson  \nvmassol - (15:05): is a sun employee...  \nvmassol - (15:05): err\u2026 ex-sun employe  \ntmortagne - (15:05): it's the default background  \nmflorea - (15:05): :)  \nvmassol - (15:05): kohsuke  \nvmassol - (15:07): tmortagne: can you ping me when you are done with platform/core/ (with snapshots put back) so that I can create the branch?  \ntmortagne - (15:07): vmassol: \u00a0i will create the branch when ready  \nvmassol - (15:07): ok  \nvmassol - (15:07): even better ;)  \nmflorea - (15:08): I guess 2.1.2 will be the last 2.1 bugfix release  \nvmassol - (15:08): in the mean time I'm testing latest trunk (except for marius' last commit)  \ntmortagne - (15:12): mflorea: should be  \nmflorea - (15:12): ok  \nglerouge joined #xwiki at 15:13  \ntmortagne - (15:13): any issue in http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/ReleasePlans ?  \nvmassol - (15:14): at first glance looks ok  \ntmortagne - (15:15): forgot tag app  \nvmassol - (15:15): ah yes I made a change in it  \nvmassol - (15:15): you're running the script?  \ntmortagne - (15:16): script ?  \nvmassol - (15:16): for diffing the versions  \nvmassol - (15:16): http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/ReleaseProcess#HReleasePlan  \nvmassol - (15:17): if you do you shouldn't miss anything normally  \ntmortagne - (15:17): i can't make your script work on linux and it just look at what are the currebt version  \ntmortagne - (15:17): so it will not find me what is suposed to be released  \nvmassol - (15:18): it'll give you what has been updated  \nvmassol - (15:19): then you need to manually do some svn log to verify if we should release even though it's been updated  \ntmortagne - (15:19): how ? it just look at pom files  \nvmassol - (15:19): but at least you shouldn't forget anything  \nvmassol - (15:19): you mean if the pom files have wrong deps?  \ntmortagne - (15:19): finding what are the dependency is easy they are in the previous release note i don't need the script for that...  \nvmassol - (15:19): (then it means the code committed has not been tested)  \nvmassol - (15:20): (functionally)  \ntmortagne - (15:21): vmassol: i don't understand what you mean, your script look at pom file and get all the dependencies that's all, it does not look at jira or svn so i don't see how it will tell me what changed  \nvmassol - (15:21): there are 6 lines to read  \ntmortagne - (15:21): sure but the other lines are not scripts  \nvmassol - (15:21): line 4 says you run diff  \nvmassol - (15:21): to find the differnces  \nvmassol - (15:22): it gives you a diff between the previous version and the current one  \nvmassol - (15:22): ie versions of deps that have been modified  \nvmassol - (15:23): then as I said you still need to check svn  \nvmassol - (15:23): to not release something that wouldn't need to be released  \nvmassol - (15:23): (although that won't hurt)  \nvmassol - (15:23): all I'm saying  \nvmassol - (15:24): is that you cannot \"forget\" to release something  \nvmassol - (15:24): unless you misread a svn log obviously  \ntmortagne - (15:24): vmassol: i think you don't understand, doing a diff between the previous release and the current snapshot is useless  \ntmortagne - (15:24): to gat what you say i wouldneed to do that on the released version  \nvmassol - (15:25): why is it useless?  \ntmortagne - (15:25): there is no way what you explain in the two first point give me things to release  \nvmassol - (15:25): I don't understand indeed  \ntmortagne - (15:25): the only ways to knwo what changed is to look at jira and svn  \nvmassol - (15:25): things to release = all the 6 lines but the first 2 give you a full list  \ntmortagne - (15:26): you will not get any information from maven  \nvmassol - (15:26): you get a lot of info from maven  \nvmassol - (15:26): you get the list of modules to release  \ntmortagne - (15:26): the first two as i said give you the dependcies, not the things to release  \nvmassol - (15:26): and the versions to release  \ntmortagne - (15:26): no  \ntmortagne - (15:26): it doe snot  \ntmortagne - (15:26): you get SNAPSHOTS  \ntmortagne - (15:27): that's all you get  \nvmassol - (15:27): yes you need to remove SNAPSHOTS from the suffix  \nvmassol - (15:27): but that's not too hard to do  \ntmortagne - (15:27): vmassol: how by only looking at maven are you able to find what changed in svn ?  \nvmassol - (15:28): ok I'll stop here since I' ve already explained it twice  \ntmortagne - (15:28): no  \nvmassol - (15:28): if you don't want to use the scripts  \nvmassol - (15:28): it's fine with me  \nvmassol - (15:29): one last time:  \nvmassol - (15:29): you MUST read the 6 lines  \nvmassol - (15:29): not just 2  \nvmassol - (15:29): now I stop  \nvmassol - (15:29): and go back to work  \ntmortagne - (15:30): vmassol: i know there is 6 line and i'm saying from the start that the script is not giving information on what is supposed to be released  \nvmassol - (15:30): it does  \ntmortagne - (15:30): it give the dependencies  \nvmassol - (15:30): then the 3 other lines allow you to do optimizations  \nvmassol - (15:31): ie not release a module that woulmdn't need to be released (althouhg it \u00a0woudl'nt hurt)  \nvmassol - (15:31): no  \nvmassol - (15:31): it gives dependencies AND versions  \ntmortagne - (15:32): vmassol: i i use your script to know what to release i would release everything all the time...  \nvmassol - (15:32): yes hence the 3 other lines for optimizations  \nvmassol - (15:32): but at least you cannot forget anything  \ntmortagne - (15:32): ...  \nvmassol - (15:32): so no need to ask if you forget something  \nvmassol - (15:32): like the tag app  \nvmassol - (15:33): since you get that automatically  \nvmassol - (15:33): and if a new module is added too you'll get it  \nvmassol - (15:33): (which you wouldn't if you look at past releases)  \nvmassol - (15:33): this is why I asked if you were using it  \nvmassol - (15:33): since I didn't understand how you could have frogotten the tag app  \nvmassol - (15:34): anyway you're the release manager so you do it your way  \nvmassol - (15:34): :)  \nvmassol - (15:34): all I know is that I'd love some way to fully automate all these 6 lines  \narkub left at 15:34 (Remote host closed the connection  \nvmassol - (15:35): (and get me release notes from jira automatically)  \narkub joined #xwiki at 15:36  \nvmassol - (15:45): jvdrean: is it normal that the \"modify picture\" message doesn't appear anymore in the profile when you hover over the picture?  \nvmassol - (15:45): jvdrean: cool the horizontal resize when you edit the profile :)  \nvmassol - (15:46): (maybe just slightly strange for the combos to take the full width though ;))  \nvmassol - (15:46): the notifier combo is ok  \nvmassol - (15:47): it's just the other combos that take the full width  \njvdrean - (15:48): yes the select are a bit big, the profile is still a bit rough  \nvmassol - (15:49): regression in the livetable  \nvmassol - (15:49): http://localhost:8080/xwiki/bin/view/Main/AllDocs  \nvmassol - (15:49): there's a A printed  \nvmassol - (15:49): tmortagne: might be easy to fix, asking jerome  \nvmassol - (15:51): http://tinycoke.com/\\_6ra5pVFWGxNBQ/screen\\_shot\\_2010-02-03\\_at\\_3.50.23\\_pm.png  \nvmassol - (15:51): jerome is going to log in here  \nvmassol - (15:54): jvdrean: the parent page of the profile page doesn't seem right to me, wdyt?  \nvmassol - (15:54): right now it points to the class  \nglerouge - (15:54): I agree  \njvdrean - (15:55): which page do you think it should be ?  \njvdrean - (15:56): the class wouldn't be bad if it had a nice UI imo  \nvmassol - (15:56): dunno, I'd normally say XWiki.WebHome but it's not nice, so maybe Main.WebHome for now?  \nglerouge - (15:56): right, we don't really know what else to put  \nglerouge - (15:56): Vincent -> it would make the \"information\" tab of the homepage die each time it's loaded  \nvmassol - (15:57): glerouge: hmmm interesting point  \njvelociter joined #xwiki at 15:57  \njvelociter - (15:57): hi  \njvelociter - (15:57): looking at the livetable issue  \nvmassol - (15:58): jvdrean/glerouge: normal users will see their profiles  \nvmassol - (15:58): so they'll see the parent hiearchy  \nglerouge - (15:58): vmassol: I already have an issue on a project where the homepage of a space is the parent of 2000+ documents  \nvmassol - (15:58): I don't think they should see the user class even if it were with a nicer UI  \nvmassol - (15:58): for that reason  \nglerouge - (15:58): it should be a Directory page that we don't have yet  \nvmassol - (15:58): glerouge: that's an issue we need to solve  \nvmassol - (15:59): by using alivetable for ex  \nvmassol - (15:59): glerouge: yes directory is a good idea  \nvmassol - (15:59): we have one  \nvmassol - (15:59): just not too nice, let me get it  \nvmassol - (15:59): hmm not really it's only recent members  \nvmassol - (15:59): http://localhost:8080/xwiki/bin/view/Main/RecentMembers  \nvmassol - (16:00): we need to plan this one in our list of UI improvements glerouge  \nvmassol - (16:00): replace RecentMembers with a Members directory page  \nvmassol - (16:00): a scalable one (livetable with avatars for ex)  \nvmassol - (16:01): maybe worth having it listed in the quick links too  \nvmassol - (16:02): or in your user menu possibly  \nvmassol - (16:02): or under the wiki menu  \nvmassol - (16:02): maybe better  \nplunden left #xwiki at 16:04  \nglerouge - (16:06): we have a directory code snippet I think  \nglerouge - (16:06): I've used it on several projects already  \nvmassol - (16:06): tmortagne: can you wait for jerome maybe?  \nglerouge - (16:06): yep, it should be under the wiki menu (both the directory and the page index for that matter)  \nvmassol - (16:07): glerouge: yes was starting to wonder about quick links vs wiki menu....  \ntmortagne - (16:07): vmassol: depends how much time he need to fix it  \nvmassol - (16:07): jvelociter: ?  \nvmassol - (16:07): IMO it should pretty quicky  \njvelociter - (16:08): vmassol: looking now  \njvelociter - (16:08): yes should not be too long  \nvmassol - (16:08): I'd say 10 minutes  \nvmassol - (16:08): let's take some bets  \njvelociter - (16:08): hehe  \njvelociter - (16:08): I don't bet, I'm biaised  \nglerouge - (16:08): vmassol -> we could almost remove the quicklinks if we put enough stuff in the wiki menu, however if we do that we'll need to make the wiki menu configurable too  \nvmassol - (16:08): glerouge: that and there's still value in keeping stuff that the user wants highlighted in the quick links menu  \nvmassol - (16:09): so we could still duplicate entries there  \nvmassol - (16:09): and let the user customize it as he wants  \nvmassol - (16:09): so I think there's still value in the quick links panel  \njvelociter - (16:09): ok, let say 2 minutes max  \njvelociter - (16:09): ;)  \nvmassol - (16:09): it's about navigability  \nvmassol - (16:09): :)  \njvelociter - (16:13): commited  \ntmortagne - (16:14): jvelociter: ok  \nsilviar joined #xwiki at 16:29  \nvmassol - (16:32): hi silviar  \nvmassol - (16:32): thanks for joining us here  \nvmassol - (16:32): I see you've started testing XEM which is great since we need this a lot for the XE 2.2 final release  \nsilviar - (16:32): hi vincent  \nsilviar - (16:32): thanks  \nvmassol - (16:32): it's a bit late but we still have 2-3 days to fix things  \nvmassol - (16:33): however you shouldn't test the latest released version of XEM  \nsilviar - (16:33): yes, i've tested it last week and a bit today  \nvmassol - (16:33): since that won't help  \nvmassol - (16:33): well it will but not to the full extent  \nsilviar - (16:33): i've been testing 2.1.1  \nvmassol - (16:33): yes that's old  \nvmassol - (16:33): that means you're testing XEM with XE 2.1.1  \nvmassol - (16:33): what we need is that you test XEM with latest XE 2.2  \nsilviar - (16:34): ok; i'll download it  \nvmassol - (16:34): silviar: what we really need  \nvmassol - (16:34): for the 2.2 release  \nvmassol - (16:34): is that you test the wiki macro creation in priority  \nvmassol - (16:35): since we've fixed this pb but it hasn't really been tested properly yet  \nvmassol - (16:35): silviar: you have your own XEM installed?  \nsilviar - (16:35): yes; i'm using the localhost  \nvmassol - (16:36): you did the install?  \nsilviar - (16:36): oana and tmortagne helped :)  \nsilviar - (16:36): (thx again btw)  \nvmassol - (16:36): ok then what you need to do is replace your WAR by a XE 2.2 snapshot war  \nsilviar - (16:37): ok  \nvmassol - (16:37): but save the xwiki.cfg file  \ntmortagne - (16:37): hmm i get test failure in core i seems  \nvmassol - (16:37): so that it's not overwritten  \nsilviar - (16:37): ok  \ntmortagne - (16:37): not XE, XEM  \ntmortagne - (16:37): of you will loose XEM plugins  \nvmassol - (16:37): yes XEM WAR  \nvmassol - (16:37): sorry  \nvmassol - (16:38): since they're built by hudson you should have snapshots here:  \nvmassol - (16:38): http://maven.xwiki.org/snapshots/com/xpn/xwiki/products/xwiki-enterprise-manager-web/2.2-SNAPSHOT/  \nvmassol - (16:38): you can take the latest one  \nsilviar - (16:38): great; thanks for the link  \ntmortagne - (16:38): what's weird is that i get  \ntmortagne - (16:38): [INFO] Tests run: 372, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0  \ntmortagne - (16:38): [INFO]  \ntmortagne - (16:38): [INFO] [INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------  \ntmortagne - (16:38): [INFO] [ERROR] BUILD FAILURE  \ntmortagne - (16:38): [INFO] [INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------  \ntmortagne - (16:38): [INFO] [INFO] There are test failures.  \ntmortagne - (16:38): [INFO]  \ntmortagne - (16:38): [INFO] Please refer to /home/hudsonagent/releases/perform/null/target/checkout/xwiki-core/target/surefire-reports for the individual test results.  \nvmassol - (16:39): nice :)  \nvmassol - (16:39): tmortagne: can you try with -e flag?  \nvmassol - (16:39): there's a null in the url  \ntmortagne - (16:39): i will look at surefire-reports first  \nvmassol - (16:39): maybe that's the reason  \ntmortagne - (16:39): the null is \"normal\"  \nvmassol - (16:39): ah :)  \ntmortagne - (16:39): it's a release plugin bug  \ntmortagne - (16:39): since like forever  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:40): Hi, I'd like to change registerinline.vm swapping $xwiki.getDocument('XWiki.Registration').getRenderedContent() \u00a0for \u00a0#set($doc = 'XWiki.Registration') \u00a0then #includeTopic('XWiki.Registration') \u00a0sound ok?  \ntmortagne - (16:40): can't find any failing test in surefire-reports...  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:41): The registration app is getting confused about what document it is $doc is wrong and it never has programming rights.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:41): BTW: I have been working on moving the field configuration into objects.  \nlucaa left at 16:42 (Quit: Leaving.  \ntmortagne - (16:42): ha maybe found one actually  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 16:42  \nvmassol - (16:42): CalebJamesDeLisl: we're reelasing now  \nvmassol - (16:42): I hope the registration is working fine  \ntmortagne - (16:43): ha no  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:43): Ok. Yes it's working as it is currently.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:43): As far as I know (\"ha no\")  \nvmassol - (16:44): CalebJamesDeLisl: :) I don't recall if you've upgrade the admin config page to explain how to activate captchas?  \nvmassol - (16:44): checking  \nvmassol - (16:44): http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/AdminGuide/Configuration  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:44): Yes I'll start documenting it now.  \nvmassol - (16:44): actually could you update that page to remove ref to the old captcha plugin too  \nvmassol - (16:45): thanks  \nvmassol - (16:45): I can find 1 or 2  \nvmassol - (16:45): (searched on \"captcha\" keyword)  \nvmassol - (16:45): it's just in the sample.cfg file  \nvmassol - (16:45): actually we can copy a new version of it  \nvmassol - (16:46): and replace it all at once  \nvmassol - (16:46): + maybe add xwiki.properties too  \nvmassol - (16:46): ok doing it  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:47): Ok. The reason I had wanted to change registerinline.vm was so I could supply updates to the application in the code zone.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:48): The registerinline change is only needed for fields being loaded from objects.  \nvmassol - (16:49): done  \nvmassol - (16:49): CalebJamesDeLisl: it's all yours now  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:49): All right, thanks.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:50): Should I make a different page for the registration app? There is a lot of configuration (adding fields)  \nvmassol - (16:51): hmmm  \nvmassol - (16:51): are these parsm in the config files?  \nvmassol - (16:51): (probably not right)  \nvmassol - (16:51): ?  \nvmassol - (16:52): if not then the customization features could be described in the Admin app page itself  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:52): No, I wanted to keep the registration separate if possible.  \nvmassol - (16:52): http://code.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Applications/AdministrationApplication  \nvmassol - (16:52): since it's part of the admin app  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:52): Thanks.  \nvmassol - (16:53): there isn't much right now there but we might as well start documenting it ;)  \nvmassol - (16:53): one thing to note though  \nvmassol - (16:53): the ability to register is also a feature  \nvmassol - (16:53): and we list features here:  \nvmassol - (16:54): http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:54): Ok.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:54): Another thing is I will be proposing to add a class for configurable applications and the admin sheets to includeForm any documents with objects of that class.  \nvmassol - (16:54): so we need to find a category where to put a little blurb about  \nvmassol - (16:54): and point to the admin app page for more details probably  \nvmassol - (16:54): maybe here: http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/UsersAndGroupsManagement  \nvmassol - (16:55): with a new Registration section  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:55): To me having hard code in the admin section for each application is ugly --> configurable application class.  \nvmassol - (16:56): a few lines of explanations, a screenshot, and then point to the admin app page for more details on how to customize it maybe?  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:56): Cool. Documentation day == day off :)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:56): I like writing.  \nvmassol - (16:56): wow  \nvmassol - (16:56): that's impressive  \nvmassol - (16:56): :)  \nvmassol - (16:56): you shouldn't have said that!  \nvmassol - (16:56): ;)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:57): Ut oh :)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:57): I suppose you knew I like writing since every time I get on irc I can't stop..  \nvmassol - (16:57): hehe  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (16:58): Ok. Bragging time.  \nglerouge - (16:59): CalebJamesDeLisl: well, writing is cool  \nglerouge - (16:59): and having objects for items in the administration is cool too  \nglerouge - (17:00): thus if you can do both you'll deserve your bragging rights ;)  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:01): I just love the idea of: import an application, a new config section appears in the administration automatically.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:01): That's why there is no proper config for the registration app yet (Sorry.)  \nglerouge - (17:02): CalebJamesDeLisl: I agree, I don't know why we didn't do it earlier  \nglerouge - (17:02): lack of time most probably  \nvmassol - (17:02): glerouge: did what? We do have different sections in the admin page  \nglerouge - (17:02): + maybe there are security implications to letting an app send code to the admin page -> what if the administration page of my app has malicious code that gets executed when the wiki admin views it?  \nglerouge - (17:03): vmassol: not configurable through objects  \nvmassol - (17:03): yes they are  \nvmassol - (17:03): it's called XWikiPreferences  \nvmassol - (17:03): it's an object  \nglerouge - (17:03): vmassol: that's not what CalebJamesDeLisl is taking about  \nvmassol - (17:04): ok I haven't followed  \nvmassol - (17:04): my only worry is to be careful about spreading app configs in different wiki pages  \nvmassol - (17:04): since we need to address the use case of upgrading XAR  \nvmassol - (17:05): so spreading configs to each app is good IMO  \nvmassol - (17:05): but we need to address the upgradeability  \nvmassol - (17:05): we already have that pb actually  \nvmassol - (17:05): in the blog app for ex  \nvmassol - (17:05): right now we tell people to exclude xwikipreferences but we don't tell them to exclude others pages with potential config data  \nvmassol - (17:07): we could solve it quickly by having a convention on page names, eg all are suffixed with \"Preferences\", or put them all in a given space, etc  \nvmassol - (17:07): that's till we have the extension manager....  \nvmassol - (17:07): our graal  \nvmassol - (17:09): we've already improved it a lot with jerome's patch to not overwrite existing versions  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:11): If (version > 1.1 && all config fields empty) {load fields from old version;} \u00a0??  \nvmassol - (17:11): that would an extension point in the importer  \nvmassol - (17:11): for apps to plug in  \nvmassol - (17:12): and run some specific upgrade script  \nvmassol - (17:12): we've talked about this in the past and it would be great  \nvmassol - (17:12): that's part of the extension manager  \nvmassol - (17:12): but I don't think I've put it on http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Design/ExtensionManager adding it  \nvmassol - (17:13): I have it actually  \nvmassol - (17:13): \"UC11: (dev use case) Ability to add some custom filter when importing an extension. For example: Imagine we want to forbid importing the XWiki.XWikiPreferences page or show a warning to the user telling him all his config will be lost.\"  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:13): Apps need to be able to upgrade their configuration if they change their class.  \nvmassol - (17:14): I'll rewrite it to be clearer  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (17:14): Configuration should be updated, data should be kept.  \nlucaa left at 17:18 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 17:18  \nlucaa - (17:18): hi guys, tmortagne  \nlucaa - (17:18): I see you moved XWIKI-4775 on M1... however I would really like to have it in 2.2 final  \nlucaa - (17:19): can we keep it in a version closer to that so that we don't forget to commit it?  \ntmortagne - (17:19): rc is not the supposed to be the place to introduce new apis  \nvmassol - (17:19): lucaa: 2.2 final is being released\u2026. RC1 is supposed to become the final  \nvmassol - (17:20): we could commit it in 2.2.1 though  \nvmassol - (17:20): lucaa: would that be ok?  \nlucaa - (17:20): ok then we won't have annotations on 2.2 final  \nvmassol - (17:20): I can create the jira version if you want for 2.2.1  \nvmassol - (17:20): yes it wasn't planned to have them on 2.2 final AFAIR  \nvmassol - (17:20): you said you wouldn't be able to do it  \nlucaa - (17:20): I mean we won't have them working in 2.2 final  \nlucaa - (17:20): not bundled or released, but working at all  \nvmassol - (17:21): well  \nlucaa - (17:21): it's gonna work on 2.1.1 :) and on 2.3 but not on 2.2  \nvmassol - (17:21): they could work  \nlucaa - (17:21): of course, with a patched model  \nlucaa - (17:21): there are means  \nvmassol - (17:21): by dropping a jar in WEB/lib or some classes in WEB-INF/Classes  \nlucaa - (17:22): there are means, as I said, a second backport, for 2.2  \nlucaa - (17:22): anyway  \nvmassol - (17:22): but yes it's strange that it would work on 2.1.1 and not ion 2.2  \nvmassol - (17:22): but it's really too late  \nlucaa - (17:22): if we're releasing 2.2, then let's release it, we'll figure it out later  \nvmassol - (17:22): it's a pity you didn't push it before  \nlucaa - (17:22): (read when we need it)  \nvmassol - (17:22): ok  \ntmortagne - (17:23): lucaa: i don't understand how it's possible to work in 2.1.1 and not in 2.2  \nlucaa - (17:24): because there is a model backport for 2.1.1, which is ok, just copied all classes in the model in the backport  \nlucaa - (17:24): + 4775 applied  \nlucaa - (17:25): however, 2,2 will have part of the model, but not all of it. so the backport will not help anymore  \nlucaa - (17:25): we'll need another backport, to replace the model in the cp (replace instead of drop in the lib)  \nlucaa - (17:25): there are means  \nlucaa - (17:25): as I said  \nvmassol - (17:25): ok so it's patch model for both cases right?  \nvmassol - (17:26): (2.1.1 and 2.2)  \nlucaa - (17:26): yes  \nvmassol - (17:26): which is fine in this case IMO, no discrepancy  \ntmortagne - (17:26): lucaa: if you have something working with 2.1.1 the you can use it with 2.2  \nlucaa - (17:27): yes, I just need to update the model backport so that it works for 2.1.1 and 2.2 (crossing fingers that that is possible)  \nlucaa - (17:28): otherwise, I need to build a new model patch for 2.2  \nlucaa - (17:28): and in either case, it's gonna be either with special instructions, or with overrides  \nlucaa - (17:28): components are fun  \nlucaa - (17:28): instructions / installation instructions  \ntmortagne - (17:29): [release] Core released and branch created  \nvmassol - (17:29): thanks thomas  \narkub left at 17:30 (Ping timeout: 256 seconds  \nxenon75 - (17:35): Anyone who might help with the graphviz macro?  \nxenon75 is now known as fmancinelli ([[email\u00a0protected]](https://dev.xwiki.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)  \nvmassol - (17:36): fmancinelli: maybe  \nvmassol - (17:36): depends on the question  \nfmancinelli - (17:36): well, this simple content {graphviz}  \nfmancinelli - (17:36): Digraph G { a -> b}  \nfmancinelli - (17:36): {graphviz}  \nfmancinelli - (17:37): generates : graphviz: process hasn't exited  \nvmassol - (17:37): have you configured graphviz config in xwiki.cfg?  \nvmassol - (17:37): I have\"n't used it so I'm asking stupid questions  \nfmancinelli - (17:38): yep.  \nvmassol - (17:38): maye you're using a recent version  \nvmassol - (17:38): which isn't supported by the graphviz plugin  \nfmancinelli - (17:38): I have this NPE on the server side : http://pastebin.com/d2e76bf6d  \narkub joined #xwiki at 17:39  \nvmassol - (17:39): so content seems null for some reason  \nvmassol - (17:39): reading code  \nvmassol - (17:40): and content is \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0String dottext = params.getContent();  \nvmassol - (17:41): so seems like radeox params are not passed correctly  \nvmassol - (17:41): as if there was no content  \nvmassol - (17:41): strange  \ntmortagne - (17:43): [release] Web released and branched  \ntmortagne - (17:44): (note that dependencies and parents version are not yet correct, doing it after XE is released)  \nvmassol - (17:47): fmancinelli: debugging quickly to see if I can find something  \nfmancinelli - (17:49): vmassol: thanks.  \nfmancinelli - (17:52): gotta go now\u2026 I'll be back later  \nfmancinelli left at 17:53 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvmassol - (17:55): wow it worked for me  \nvmassol - (17:55): when in debug mode  \nvmassol - (17:55): and I hadn't configured graphviz/neato :)  \nvmassol - (17:55): ok apparently dot is already in my path for some reason  \nvmassol - (18:06): this is cool actually  \nvmassol - (18:06): I'm surprised that this plugin is still working fine  \nvmassol - (18:06): here's a nice example: http://tinycoke.com/\\_6rNmbXppASgjg/screen\\_shot\\_2010-02-03\\_at\\_6.05.39\\_pm.png  \nglerouge - (18:06): fabio couldn't get it to work  \nglerouge - (18:07): and I really need it to work (fabio was looking at it for me)  \ntmortagne - (18:07): [release] XE released and branched  \nvmassol - (18:07): glerouge: I got the same error initially  \nvmassol - (18:08): then I put XE in debug mode and debugged it ....  \nvmassol - (18:08): \u2026 to find that it just worked...  \nvmassol - (18:08): then I restarted in non debug mode  \nvmassol - (18:08): and from then on it was working just fine  \nvmassol - (18:08): I can see where it's failing for you  \nvmassol - (18:08): the only possibility I can see  \nvmassol - (18:08): is that it takes more than 10 seconds to call dot  \ntmortagne - (18:08): [release] XEM branched  \nvmassol - (18:08): to call and return  \nglerouge - (18:09): ok, let's see what Fabio says about it  \narkub left at 18:12 (Quit: Leaving  \nsilviar left at 18:14 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 18:37  \nvmassol left at 18:49 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 18:49  \nKermitTheFragger left at 18:49 (Quit: Leaving  \nnpm left at 18:49 (Quit: Leaving.  \njvdrean left at 18:52 (Quit: Leaving.  \nglerouge left at 18:57 (Quit: Leaving.  \nmflorea left at 19:23 (Quit: Leaving.  \nnpm joined #xwiki at 19:51  \nlucaa left at 20:02 (Quit: Leaving.  \nxenon75 joined #xwiki at 20:12  \nnpm left at 20:16 (Quit: Leaving.  \ntmortagne left at 20:27 (Quit: Leaving.  \nflaviusolaru left at 20:28 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nxenon75 left at 21:05 (Quit: Leaving.  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 21:13  \njvdrean left at 21:16 (Client Quit  \nxenon75 joined #xwiki at 21:23  \nnpm joined #xwiki at 21:31  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (21:53): Looks like no sound captcha support. It works the first time, fails the second. I guess I never bothered to test it twice until now :(  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (21:53): Something in jcaptcha seems to be failing.  \nCalebJamesDeLisl - (21:55): FreeTTSWordToSound.InputStreamAudioPlayer gets instantiated per request but no AudioFormat is set --> NPE.  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 22:00  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 22:49  \nlucaa left #xwiki at 22:50  \n\n"}