{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20110407", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20110407", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\n00:08\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n00:11\u00a0<lucaa1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n00:14\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n00:17\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Danker: Which one do you like more, Gentoo or Debian?  \n00:18\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n00:20\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0sdumitriu: Gentoo  \n00:20\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Great  \n00:20\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0if for my personal preference  \n00:20\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0I would install debian for others x)  \n00:21\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0sdumitriu: Why are you asking?  \n00:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Just wanted to know  \n00:22\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Few people like Gentoo  \n00:22\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I think it's the best  \n00:24\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0:)  \n00:24\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0I think too  \n00:24\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0Some time ago I was looking into Arch  \n00:25\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0But they Rolling releases wasn't such painless as I would have wanted... x)  \n00:33\u00a0<lucaa1>\u00a0has quit  \n00:46\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0has quit  \n00:49\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n00:49\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0hi! any GSoC mentors online?  \n00:49\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Sure  \n00:50\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0great! I had a question about calendar project (Marta suggested to discuss it with mentors here)  \n00:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Summoning her...  \n00:50\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0I was told that it is mainly a UI project  \n00:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But you can talk with me too  \n00:51\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0great  \n00:51\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n00:52\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0Im somehow confused marta told me that it is mainly UI oriented however the wiki page states \"This application was removed from the default distribution of XWiki \"  \n00:52\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0so is it necessary to rebuild the application or not?  \n00:53\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes, but applications in XWiki are easy to do  \n00:53\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0That's why most of the work will be on the UI  \n00:53\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0ok  \n00:54\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0hi pouyanster  \n00:54\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0another question is if it is allowed to used third party JS frameworks  \n00:54\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0hi marta :)  \n00:54\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0i guess sdumitriu answered your first question :)  \n00:54\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0yes he/she has  \n00:54\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0about js: we're using prototype in xwiki  \n00:54\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It's allowed to use JS frameworks, but it's recommended to stick to the ones we already use  \n00:54\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0some scriptaculous  \n00:54\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Prototype+Scriptaculous  \n00:55\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0So adding JQuery is seriously frowned upon  \n00:55\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Adding a library built on Prototype is OK  \n00:55\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n00:55\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0i was thinking of ExtJS or Dojo for some great UI components  \n00:56\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0it shouldn't be necessary  \n00:57\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0very well  \n00:57\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0scriptaculous is powerful enough for what we have in mind  \n00:57\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0JS should not be an essential part  \n00:57\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0so let me get this clear  \n00:57\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Ideally, the application should work without any JS at all  \n00:58\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0JS should enhance the functionality  \n00:58\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0yes, i guess this is getting kind of confusing for you :)  \n00:58\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0so:  \n00:58\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Dojo usually tends to build everything from JS, so without JS there's no application  \n00:58\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0most functionalities are already available in XWiki's core, only UI is to be implemented!  \n00:58\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Which is wrong  \n00:59\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a01/ the programming (data manipulation) is done with velocity + xwiki api  \n00:59\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0XWiki is an application framework, so it's not quite true that the functionality for the calendar application is available  \n00:59\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0pouyanster: ExtJS would not \"fit\" for its \"intrusing\" design unless you are willing to create a new theme which is quite a pain...  \n00:59\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Most of it is, and the rest is just building an application on top of the framework  \n01:00\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a02/ after you make everything work with just that, you add the JS enhancements to create a better user expeience  \n01:00\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0ok  \n01:01\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0now I got it. I think my application was somehow misleading  \n01:03\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0I was planning to implement an MVC based application which uses XWiki's data model as its model, and HTML/JSP/Velocity/etc. as its view and a core layer as its controller  \n01:04\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0thanks everyone for the guidance  \n01:05\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0you're welcome, looking forward for the application update  \n01:05\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0im on it!  \n01:13\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Danker: I can't see your nosql application, did you remove it?  \n01:13\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It works if I open it directly, but it's not listed  \n01:14\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0It is shown for me....  \n01:14\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0Check search filter :D  \n01:14\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Could be a bug in Melange  \n01:15\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0Could be  \n01:15\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0Last year I was left out of GSOC because of bug in birth date selection widget...  \n01:16\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But they just started sending mail notifications, I wonder how many other proposals were lost before they started sending notifications  \n01:17\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Going over to #gsoc to check  \n01:22\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Danker: The problem seems to be that you withdrew the application  \n01:28\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0sdumitriu: Is it visible now? Just updated status.  \n01:28\u00a0<+marta\\_>\u00a0yes it is  \n01:28\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yep, looks good  \n01:47\u00a0<pouyanster>\u00a0has quit  \n02:13\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has quit  \n02:30\u00a0<marta\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n02:38\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n02:40\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has quit  \n02:41\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n02:42\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n02:46\u00a0<jamesxu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n02:57\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has quit  \n02:59\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n03:44\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n03:44\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n03:50\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has quit  \n03:51\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n03:54\u00a0<cjdelisle>\u00a0has quit  \n03:55\u00a0<cjdelisle>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n03:55\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has quit  \n04:01\u00a0<jamesxu>\u00a0has quit  \n04:02\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has quit  \n04:03\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n04:03\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n04:09\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has quit  \n04:18\u00a0<kasun>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n04:22\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n04:32\u00a0<kasun>\u00a0has quit  \n04:32\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has quit  \n04:33\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n04:34\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has quit  \n04:40\u00a0<venkatesh>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n04:40\u00a0<venkatesh>\u00a0has quit  \n06:06\u00a0<qwebirc91065>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n06:08\u00a0<qwebirc91065>\u00a0I\u2019m a computer science third year student who willing to participate for GSOC 2011 and i am interested in Specific WikiMacro Editors project idea. I would like to know further details on this topic. Looking forward to hear from you. Thanks in advance.  \n06:10\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0I don't know much about that project but people who do will be around in about 4 hours.  \n06:12\u00a0<qwebirc91065>\u00a0ok. thanks a lot  \n06:41\u00a0<Denis2>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n06:41\u00a0<Denis1>\u00a0has quit  \n06:44\u00a0<qwebirc64045>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n06:46\u00a0<qwebirc64045>\u00a0has quit  \n07:00\u00a0<qwebirc91065>\u00a0has quit  \n07:04\u00a0<Denis2>\u00a0has quit  \n07:05\u00a0<Chami1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:09\u00a0<Denis1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:10\u00a0<qwebirc67991>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:33\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:44\u00a0<qwebirc67991>\u00a0has quit  \n08:00\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:06\u00a0<qwebirc23952>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:29\u00a0<Denis1>\u00a0is now known as <Denis>  \n08:54\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:58\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has quit  \n09:41\u00a0<Chami1>\u00a0has quit  \n09:41\u00a0<pulasthi>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:47\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0I just found out something about python that makes me feel a lot better about java.  \n09:47\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0It's called GIL  \n09:50\u00a0<arkub>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:52\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:02\u00a0<venkatesh>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:03\u00a0<gsauthier>\u00a0has quit  \n10:03\u00a0<venkatesh>\u00a0has quit  \n10:04\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: Good Morning  \n10:14\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:15\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:23\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n10:27\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:32\u00a0<Chami1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: hi  \n10:55\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:56\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0cjdelisle: Hello, you there?  \n10:56\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0howdy  \n10:57\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0I have submitted the application , I guess its a bit lengthy. Could you please go through it and tell ne what changes to make? ( what to add and what to remove)  \n10:57\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0I see the project name \"XWiki to Appengine\" has changed.  \n10:58\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0Though the contents remain same.  \n11:01\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0hmm can't view it.  \n11:01\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0Half the time google thinks I'm logged in and half the time it thinks I'm logged out  \n11:02\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0maybe you can put it on google docs, i did the same thing - editing is much easier, and both mentors and other students can see it  \n11:02\u00a0<qwebirc23952>\u00a0has quit  \n11:03\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0works now o\\_O  \n11:04\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0\"Now, Since XWQL lacks a proper specification\" lol  \n11:05\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0:D  \n11:05\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0No, i went through your posts in the mailing list.  \n11:06\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0I found them very intuitive  \n11:07\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0\"encrypted IDs for registration systems using RSA\"  \n11:08\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0how did that project go?  \n11:10\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0The project went well.  \n11:11\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:11\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0I used it for a registration system to encrypt phone nummbers.  \n11:11\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:12\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0I'm not thinking of anything off the top of my head which needs changing.  \n11:12\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0The problem I noticed was when the number of bits of encryption was made less.. the encryption became weak !  \n11:12\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0I;m sorry I didn't get you.  \n11:13\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0Today I'm banging my head against an OSGi thing so I can't be too much help.  \n11:13\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0Okay sure, hey I need to leave now, Please go through the proposal and mail me if I need to make modifcations  \n11:14\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0Thanks a lot !  \n11:14\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0All the best for the OSGi thing :-p  \n11:15\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0yea :/  \n11:16\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: wdyt of removing one level for xwiki-platform-configuration?  \n11:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0right now it's xwiki-plafform-configuration/xwiki-platform-configuration-default  \n11:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'm not sure  \n11:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'm hesitating  \n11:17\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: let me check something  \n11:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0currently we don't have any implementation of configuration API in commons, right ?  \n11:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0let me check  \n11:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0seems a problem to me  \n11:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0no we just have the api there  \n11:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0makes it almost unusable outside of XWiki  \n11:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sure  \n11:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0in the future  \n11:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the idea  \n11:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0is to have the main config there  \n11:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0main = properties file  \n11:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0or something like that  \n11:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0same for observation btw  \n11:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes  \n11:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but that doesn't change the question for platform  \n11:19\u00a0<sbose78>\u00a0has quit  \n11:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0since there are xwiki platform related class in config-defaut  \n11:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so that module will stay anyway  \n11:19\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0well part of it will move  \n11:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(at least for the user/wiki/space configimpls)  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0only the generic part  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but the module will stay  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so the question is should we make it a top level module agian  \n11:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0so maybe we will them have several module, one for each configuration extension  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0instead of having it nested  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I don't think we need that  \n11:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0xwiki related extension  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0for suer/space/wiki  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0they can go together  \n11:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0yea maybe  \n11:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok I'm leaving it like it is now if you're not sure  \n11:21\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0let's say i'm +0  \n11:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok not changing now  \n11:21\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0even if we want to gave several module latter we can refactorr back it's not a big issue  \n11:21\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0s/gave/have/  \n11:37\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:38\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol, cjdelisle: WDYT about grouping crypto and csrf under the same \"secutity\" parent or something like that ?  \n11:38\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0It makes some sense. Also captcha fits in the same category too.  \n11:38\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0+1 but not right now (need to finish my refactoring first)  \n11:39\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0yep did not tough about captcha but +1 to add it too  \n11:40\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: ok, let me know when it's ready enough (unless you do it)  \n11:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I think I need 1-2 hours more  \n11:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'll ping you  \n11:41\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ok thanks  \n11:52\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:59\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:02\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0<!-- Standard dependencies used in several XWiki build modules. Ensures all modules  \n12:02\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0use the same version for these dependencies -->  \n12:02\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0in commons  \n12:03\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0I disagree with that method. It forced dependencies on packages which may not need them  \n12:03\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0not true  \n12:04\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0cjdelisle: it just setup the version to use if you depends on it, does not add it as dependency  \n12:04\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0unless you are not talking about root xwiki pom  \n12:05\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0xwiki-commons-pom/pom.xml  \n12:06\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0yep that's dependencyManagement not dependencies  \n12:06\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0so you don't force anyone to use anything  \n12:06\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0just make sure everyone use the same version  \n12:06\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0ahh, sorry. Maven is one of my blind spots.  \n12:07\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0actually you don't even make sure since anyone can override this configuration but youallow people to not have to indicate the version  \n12:17\u00a0<mpaun\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:21\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has quit  \n12:26\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has quit  \n12:32\u00a0<bark\\_>\u00a0is now known as <bark>  \n12:57\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0add github repositories to jira, all except platform tools which don't have repositories on github yet  \n12:57\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0lunch for me, I'm almost done  \n12:57\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0just pushed my latest changes  \n12:58\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0moving jenkins jobs on git starting with commons and rendering  \n12:58\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: you sure?  \n12:58\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: should i do it right now for core too ?  \n12:58\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0isn't it a bit early  \n12:58\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ah commons  \n12:58\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0why ?  \n12:58\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0renderring  \n12:58\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ok  \n12:58\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0for platform it's a bit early I think  \n12:58\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ok  \n13:03\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n13:05\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has quit  \n13:24\u00a0<pulasthi>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n13:34\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n13:36\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has quit  \n13:46\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n13:46\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0If I want to change the skin to Toucan on a 3.0, I have to address which page contains the Skin Object. What page does contain Toucan Object ?  \n13:47\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0if a skin is not found, it is defaulted to Albatross  \n13:47\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0hmmm cannot find the wiki-manager plugin....  \n13:54\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: any idea where sergiu has put the wiki manager plugin?  \n13:54\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I think he forgot it.....  \n13:55\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: could you answer my question ?  \n13:56\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0(if you know)  \n13:56\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0just use toucan as the skin  \n13:56\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0(I guess I don't understand the question)  \n13:56\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0I have to know what should I put in the Skin input field in the Admin Section  \n13:57\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0so I can use Toucan  \n13:57\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0toucan  \n13:57\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n13:57\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0isn't this in the skin guide?  \n13:57\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0if not could you update it?  \n13:57\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0yes, I was putting Toucan :)  \n13:57\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0that's what I am doing right now :)  \n13:57\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0well it's the name of the directory on the file system  \n13:58\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0I see  \n13:59\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0the default skin name is not a dir name, it is XWiki.DefaultSkin.. and the object refert to the colibri skin. This is why I got confused. Thanks !  \n13:59\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0maven-clover2-plugin  \n13:59\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0<license><![CDATA[.....  \n13:59\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0yes you can put either a file system skin or an xobject one  \n13:59\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0lol  \n13:59\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0(sburjan)  \n13:59\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0cjdelisle: the license isn't hidden, it's for the xwiki dev team  \n13:59\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0xwiki is encoded inside  \n14:00\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0ahh  \n14:00\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0and anyone not part of the xwiki dev team and using it is illegal  \n14:00\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0heh so better be careful when you type mvn  \n14:00\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0right ;)  \n14:10\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: I seesomething odd in the documentation  \n14:10\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: ping, it's ok now you can introduce xwiki-security if you want. I'm not sure about putting captcha in there. We might want to have a captcha ui too  \n14:10\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0A Skin can be used at different levels: For a specific user (it has a higher priority then the space level Skin). Do we support/have this ?  \n14:12\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I think so yes  \n14:12\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0you can test it maybe?  \n14:12\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0(sburjan)  \n14:12\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0jsut go to your user and edit the object  \n14:12\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0shouldn't captcha ui be seperate from the generator/validator?  \n14:13\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0cjdelisle: wer're going the opposite irght now  \n14:13\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ie gathering together modules related to the same feature  \n14:14\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n14:14\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0if by separated you mean different modules yes of course  \n14:14\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0that's what we have  \n14:14\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0but that doesn't mean they should be under the same umbrella directrory  \n14:14\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0s/should/shouldn't/  \n14:15\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0has quit  \n14:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0basically  \n14:15\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: https://github.com/xwiki/xwiki-platform-core/tree/master/xwiki-platform-wiki-manager  \n14:15\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0indeed no plugin  \n14:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: that's the app  \n14:15\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0he probably forgot  \n14:15\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0Also the UI doesn't make much sense. Registration or comments should ask for a captcha link then call a function to validate it.  \n14:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0yep  \n14:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0but he did it in a way he could add the plugin  \n14:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0cjdelisle: I have no idea if it makes sense or not. right now it doesn't. In the fuuture it will  \n14:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0so he was probably planning to do it  \n14:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0with IX  \n14:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0pushing my latest changes  \n14:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0re captcha i don't see why adding UI is an issue with xwiki-security  \n14:17\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: we need to discss that because it's important  \n14:17\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0Then you have an extension which almost fits in every form but still looks just a little goofie everywhere.  \n14:26\u00a0<anurup>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:34\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:37\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:37\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has quit  \n14:37\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:49\u00a0<Chami1>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n14:58\u00a0<cjdelisle>\u00a0has quit  \n15:00\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has quit  \n15:00\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:01\u00a0<cjdelisle>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:02\u00a0<Danker>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:10\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:34\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0apparenrlt localization module doesn't build\u2026removing it from the list ofmodules to build  \n15:47\u00a0<pulasthi>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:49\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:49\u00a0<mbryant>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:51\u00a0<newbie>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:51\u00a0<newbie|4>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:52\u00a0<newbie>\u00a0is now known as <Guest31036>  \n15:52\u00a0<Guest31036>\u00a0has quit  \n15:52\u00a0<newbie|4>\u00a0has quit  \n15:53\u00a0<mbryant>\u00a0Hey guys I have a question... I am trying to find the underlying soruce code for the WYSIWYG editor, and I cant remember where its located, can someone provide me with the Trunk URL for it please  \n15:53\u00a0<mpaun>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:54\u00a0<mihaipaun>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:58\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0mbryant: http://svn.xwiki.org/svnroot/xwiki/platform/web/trunk/  \n15:58\u00a0<mpaun>\u00a0has quit  \n15:58\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0That location is fast becoming outdated as we are transitioning to github but everything is there.  \n15:59\u00a0<mbryant>\u00a0yea I know your making the move thats why I wasnt sure, I am guessing that the repo will be published once its done, as well as documents updated  \n15:59\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0It's written in java and using GWT it is \"compiled\" into js.  \n15:59\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0mbryant: yes we'll udpate everything  \n16:01\u00a0<mbryant>\u00a0vmassol: cjdelisle: thanks guys I appreciate the help  \n16:01\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0sure thing  \n16:02\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:11\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0commons/rendering Jenkins jobs moved to github  \n16:12\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: they're working now?  \n16:13\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0(no more jenkins mails?)  \n16:13\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: yep they are working now  \n16:13\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0cool :)  \n16:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: hmmm is it normal that I have to add xwiki-platform-legacy to make the watchlist-api module build?  \n16:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I wonder how it was building before  \n16:15\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: no, nobody should even depends on legacy  \n16:15\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0it's supposed to be only retro-compatibility stuff  \n16:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0oh I know  \n16:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0upgrade  \n16:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0of depedencies  \n16:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0watchlist was depending on 2.3.1 of core  \n16:16\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n16:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0was depending on core 2.3 or sometbhing before  \n16:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0yep  \n16:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ok hmm i don't want to refactor now  \n16:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0that will produce some work on plugins indeed  \n16:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0can I add the legacy dep for now?  \n16:16\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0bof  \n16:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0we can add an eforcer rule later  \n16:17\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ok I'll let you fix it then :)  \n16:17\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0no prob  \n16:17\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0warn me when i can modify it  \n16:17\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0cool thanks, adding the dep on legacy  \n16:17\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0and you can remove it just after  \n16:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0i'm done with what i can do on jenkins and jira for now so I'm moving on github  \n16:18\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0give me 5 mn and the platform build is going to work  \n16:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ok cool, i will put the jenkins core job before refactoring then  \n16:19\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: should i remove all the app/plugins builds from jenkins rigt now ?  \n16:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0I would say yes but not sure  \n16:22\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: I think so....  \n16:23\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ok platform build should be ok now  \n16:24\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0note: I have checked platform tools yet so you need 2 of them for platform build to work: the 2 xar tools  \n16:24\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0s/have/haven't/  \n16:25\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: ok they are probably on maven.xwiki.org already from a svn based build so it should be ok for now but we need repository on github for them  \n16:25\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: we need to talk about a naming structure for tools too  \n16:25\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ok doing a 15 mn pause before attacking tools  \n16:25\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0brb  \n16:26\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: wouldn't it be the same rule as the one used for commons tools ?  \n16:26\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0but applied to platform  \n16:26\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0common tools are not named correctly  \n16:26\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n16:26\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ho  \n16:28\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0sergiu renamed the repo but we need to rename the directories/artifactid and agree on the naming shceme  \n16:28\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I'll do that in 15mn  \n16:29\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: tools don't have the same version so they will have their own repo each  \n16:29\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Hi guys, I'll be available in a few minutes  \n16:39\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0cleaning snapshot maven repository from pre-refactoring snapshots  \n16:39\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Going to commit the platform/tools  \n16:40\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: would be great if you could move web to platform-core too so that we have everything needed in the repository and just need to to internal moves  \n16:41\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes, I wanted to do that, but I'll need mflorea to assist me with the GWT modules  \n16:41\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ok  \n16:41\u00a0<supreet>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:42\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: You could rebase instead of merge, since there are a lot of \"merged branch fixpoms\" commits  \n16:45\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0tmortagne: xem-web-debug-eclipse is a tool?  \n16:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0(that would need a thorough refactoring with all the reorganization)  \n16:46\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: it's not very clear :) lets say i did not know where to put it so i put it it in tools since it was not used in XEM  \n16:46\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0yep I need to check how to deal with links on git  \n16:46\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0or something like that even exists  \n16:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Git supports symlinks  \n16:46\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ok great  \n16:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0IIRC  \n16:47\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0IMO, it could be a separate repository  \n16:47\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Not linked from trunks  \n16:47\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0anyway as i sayd tools can't be in the same repoditory  \n16:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: archetypes ->  \n16:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a01/ xwiki-platform-tool-archetypes  \n16:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a02/ xwiki-platform-tool-maven-archetypes  \n16:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a03/ xwiki-platform-tool-xwiki-archetypes  \n16:52\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: Ping  \n16:55\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has quit  \n16:56\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:02\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0back  \n17:05\u00a0<+mflorea>\u00a0sburjan: do you know why the link to the WYSIWYG editor help is broken on http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/PageEditing#HWYSIWYGeditingmode ?  \n17:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0(04:48:28 PM) sdumitriu: vmassol: archetypes ->  \n17:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0(04:48:28 PM) sdumitriu: 1/ xwiki-platform-tool-archetypes  \n17:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0(04:48:28 PM) sdumitriu: 2/ xwiki-platform-tool-maven-archetypes  \n17:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0(04:48:28 PM) sdumitriu: 3/ xwiki-platform-tool-xwiki-archetypes  \n17:06\u00a0<Chami1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:07\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0\"vmassol: You could rebase instead of merge, since there are a lot of \"merged branch fixpoms\" commits\". I was wondering about this  \n17:07\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I wasn't sure about the best practice to apply  \n17:07\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Not sure how to do that in the right way  \n17:07\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'll test it  \n17:07\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0Ideally I think a merge is good  \n17:07\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0mflorea: nop, but I'm gonna fix it  \n17:07\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0if it were containing all changes to fix the poms  \n17:08\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0the problem is probaby that I've pushed in several steps  \n17:08\u00a0<+mflorea>\u00a0sburjan: thanks  \n17:08\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0but again I don't know the best practices  \n17:08\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0mflorea: thanks for telling me  \n17:08\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0re archetypes, I'd say 1/  \n17:09\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: ok with xwiki-common-tool-\\* and xwiki-platform-tool-\\*  \n17:09\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0(naming strategy)  \n17:10\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0s/common/commons/  \n17:10\u00a0<+mflorea>\u00a0sburjan: np, do you know if we have documentation for the page parent-child relation? I looked over the \"Page Editing\" doc and it doesn't say anything about setting the page parent. I'm trying to search but search is useless on xwiki.org...  \n17:11\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: yes, i tough that was already the case in commons but i only looked at repo names and not artifactid in pom.xml  \n17:11\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ok doing it  \n17:11\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0commons first  \n17:12\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0taking care of platform tool on jenkins  \n17:13\u00a0<qwebirc42823>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:22\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0\"xwiki-platform\" should be removed from github  \n17:22\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0same for \"xwiki-commons\"  \n17:23\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: why?  \n17:23\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0they are git modules  \n17:23\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0They're wrappers  \n17:23\u00a0<qwebirc42823>\u00a0has quit  \n17:23\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0If someone wants to checkout all the platform  \n17:23\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0In one shot  \n17:23\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0do they ? i tough they was some leftover before platform-core and commons-core  \n17:23\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0s/were/was/  \n17:24\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0xwiki-commons contains commons-core, commons-pom and commons-tools  \n17:24\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0s/was/were/7  \n17:24\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0commons-tools is a wrapper too ?  \n17:25\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes  \n17:25\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I think that one could be removed, actually  \n17:25\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Since xwiki-commons is enough as a wrapper  \n17:25\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0we should have a readme a bit more clear than \"The XWiki platform underneath XE\" then  \n17:26\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Same for xwiki-platform-tools  \n17:26\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0yep theses are probably useless  \n17:28\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0what about \"xwiki\" instead of \"xwiki-trunks\" since we have \"xwiki-platform\" and not \"xwiki-platform-trunks\"  \n17:28\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0or the other way around as you like but should follow the same rule  \n17:29\u00a0<pulasthi1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:30\u00a0<pulasthi1>\u00a0cjdelisle : hi  \n17:31\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0howdy  \n17:31\u00a0<pulasthi1>\u00a0cjdelisle : is it ok if i pm u not a project realted thing  \n17:31\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0sure  \n17:31\u00a0<pulasthi>\u00a0has quit  \n17:38\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n17:49\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n17:58\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0ok cleaned commons tools  \n17:58\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I may have created a circular issue though  \n18:03\u00a0<mbryant>\u00a0has quit  \n18:04\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I find them distracting  \n18:04\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0especially since they're not as \"important\" as the \"main\" repos  \n18:04\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0but they're taking all the visual space  \n18:06\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu, tmortagne: wdyt?  \n18:11\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0About removing tool repo?  \n18:14\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0no  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0about this:  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0doesn't like all those tools top level repo  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I find them distracting  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0especially since they're not as \"important\" as the \"main\" repos  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0but they're taking all the visual space  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I don't have a solution though  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0I'm just wondering  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0go to https://github.com/xwiki to see what I mean  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0maybe it's just github  \n18:15\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0that doesn't allowing organizing your top level repos  \n18:16\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0s/top level//  \n18:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: I kind I liked the first proposal which suggested to put tools with the rest of respectively platform and commons (with same version etc...)  \n18:18\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: yes me too although I'm not sure it works  \n18:19\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0how do you build tools when you need them to build them  \n18:19\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0?  \n18:19\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n18:19\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0not sure what you mean  \n18:19\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0we'd need 2 top level poms  \n18:19\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0one for building tools  \n18:19\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0and one for the rest  \n18:20\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0if we can solve this I'd like that too  \n18:20\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0let's think a bit  \n18:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0the first proposal had:  \n18:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0- core  \n18:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0- tools  \n18:20\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0so they have different parent poms  \n18:24\u00a0<mihaipaun>\u00a0has quit  \n18:26\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0We have circular dependencies between tools and core  \n18:27\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0We managed to get around it by converting circles to spirals, meaning that tools depend on an older core  \n18:27\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0If we put them together, we bring back the circularity  \n18:27\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Right, vmassol?  \n18:27\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: discussing with tmortagne otp  \n18:27\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0OK  \n18:27\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0(about this)  \n18:40\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n18:41\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has quit  \n18:43\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: sending a proposal mail  \n18:47\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0Hello..i am third year student pursuing B.tech in the field of computer science.I am interested to apply for \"AJAX FORM EDITOR\" project.Can anybody guide me on this?  \n18:47\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Hi ankur, what would you like to know?  \n18:48\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0i would like to know what will be the requirements for this projects?  \n18:48\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0i am very good at ajax and i have already done two projects on ajax.  \n18:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Do you mean \"requirements\" as in what skills you should have?  \n18:51\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Or as in what are the project requirements: features, use cases...  \n18:52\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0i want to know both  \n18:52\u00a0<chanikag>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n18:52\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0i have the read information about this on the project idea page.  \n18:53\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0i want to know more about it?  \n18:56\u00a0<chanikag>\u00a0has quit  \n18:57\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0So, you should know JS, CSS and HTML for the UI  \n18:58\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0ankur: http://markmail.org/message/nc2otijksh2pfh64  \n18:58\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has quit  \n18:58\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0And you should have general programming skills: algorithms, design patterns, data structures  \n18:58\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Some code beauty skills  \n18:59\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Some development practices are good to have as well: TDD, JUnit, git, issue trackers, mailing lists...  \n18:59\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:00\u00a0<+vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: mail sent  \n19:00\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0As for what's needed for the project, the mail that evalica pointed is good  \n19:00\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: K, waiting for it  \n19:01\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:02\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0ok..i have various projects on web designing..  \n19:04\u00a0<arkub>\u00a0has quit  \n19:05\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0ya the link was very useful  \n19:05\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0so i have to make a form which user can edit according to his/her choice  \n19:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: Why three jira projects?  \n19:06\u00a0<mpaun\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n19:06\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0its style and the operations it performs.  \n19:07\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:09\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:10\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0has quit  \n19:11\u00a0<chanikag>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:15\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0and who will be the mentor for this project?  \n19:16\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0All the mentors :)  \n19:16\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0okk great...:)  \n19:17\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0and is it necessary to have velocity experience?  \n19:18\u00a0<+tmortagne>\u00a0ankur\\_\\_: takes 5 minutes to learn velocity ;)  \n19:18\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0okk thats nice :)  \n19:18\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It's necessary to have programming experience  \n19:18\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0i have actually started reading it..  \n19:18\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Velocity is just a tiny language  \n19:19\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0ya i have programming experience and i love coding..  \n19:19\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0thats one of my strength  \n19:21\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has quit  \n19:22\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:27\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:28\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0hello .. i am interested to apply for \"Improved ColorTheme Wizard\" project  \n19:28\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0\u00a0can anybody give some details related to this project  \n19:28\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0??  \n19:29\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Hi khyati\\_, what would you like to know?  \n19:29\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0i would like to know some details related to this project  \n19:29\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0what are the skills required for the project  \n19:30\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0and what exactly is to be done  \n19:30\u00a0<ankur\\_\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n19:31\u00a0<chanikag>\u00a0has quit  \n19:31\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0khyati\\_: \u00a0have you okayed a bit with the wizard? http://www.xwiki.com/xwiki/bin/view/Blog/New+Color+Theme+Editor+with+XWiki+Enterprise  \n19:32\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:32\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0yes sir i have gone through with that  \n19:32\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has quit  \n19:33\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0i have read this link http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/GoogleSummerOfCode/ImprovedColorThemeWizard  \n19:33\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0evalica is a Lady :)  \n19:33\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0:)  \n19:33\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n19:34\u00a0<mpaun>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:34\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0okk  \n19:35\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0You should know JavaScript and CSS a lot  \n19:35\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0yes i have made projects using Javascript and CSS  \n19:36\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0and i know them very well  \n19:36\u00a0<mihaipaun>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:36\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0You could take a look at the existing code:  \n19:36\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0http://playground.myxwiki.org/xwiki/bin/jsx/ColorThemes/ColorThemeSheet?minify=false  \n19:36\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0http://playground.myxwiki.org/xwiki/bin/ssx/ColorThemes/ColorThemeSheet?minify=false  \n19:36\u00a0<mpaun>\u00a0has quit  \n19:37\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0khyati\\_: well the editor should be improved in order to relate to the current interface changes. Also we could work a bit on the way we interact with the editor - we are gathering lots of variables and we could always add more - so the variables might be organized a bit.  \n19:37\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has quit  \n19:38\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0if you create a new color theme you could rapidly see what improvements are to do done  \n19:38\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0i have to design only one theme or different themes for different hings  \n19:38\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0see some examples of color themes created by the community http://extensions.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/WebHome#|t=extensions&p=1&l=30&s=doc.creationDate&d=desc&type=colortheme  \n19:39\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0You don't design themes  \n19:39\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0You improve the theme editor  \n19:39\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0so we have redesign the whole css structure or change a part of it  \n19:39\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0okk  \n19:39\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0the wizard could have in mind some usability features in order to make the creation process very easy and rapid for anyone  \n19:40\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0For example, one very quick and small improvement is to add a \"Use this theme\" button in the theme view directly  \n19:40\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Another would be to use the new attachment selector for choosing backgrounds and the logo  \n19:40\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0A wizard update would be to add pickers for the notification colors  \n19:41\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But most importantly, the layout displayed by the wizard should correspond to the current wiki layout  \n19:42\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0One total reimplementation could be to make the wizard full screen, not on a mockup, but on the real document structure  \n19:42\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0okkk  \n19:42\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But that's maybe a bit too complex  \n19:42\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0.. there are so many nice things to improve in this project :)  \n19:42\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yep, and they're modular, so it's not one single goal that must be completed  \n19:43\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0ya i got your point nw  \n19:43\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0i have to change and update everything that can look nice on the wiki without changing its current layout  \n19:44\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0and we have give users a chance to change theme or add theme  \n19:45\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0and provide users facilities to choose according to their choice  \n19:45\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0khyati\\_: better hurry, the deadline for submitting proposals is tomorrow  \n19:45\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0do i have to sumbit anything else with proposal?  \n19:45\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0ya i know  \n19:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0ihalip: Absolutely no .ro students applied this year... Usually we had about 30%  \n19:46\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0ankur: well melange does give you an option to add an external link, but i find it useless (you can add links/images in the proposal itself)  \n19:46\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0sdumitriu: sad.  \n19:47\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0i thought about mailing busaco to let me do a presentation at FII, but i didn't have the time to do it  \n19:47\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Spread the word, quickly!  \n19:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0That's OK, we said we won't take too many students this year  \n19:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I hope they at least applied to other organizations  \n19:48\u00a0<+Enygma`>\u00a0didn`t we send any mail to infoiasi?  \n19:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Enygma`: I don't think so  \n19:48\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0i didn't see any  \n19:48\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0we tweeted a bit  \n19:48\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0you got lazy :P  \n19:49\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0ihalip: How about you? Aren't you a student anymore?  \n19:49\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0yes i am  \n19:49\u00a0<pulasthi1>\u00a0cjdelisle hi are u there ?  \n19:49\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0just not into java/javascript/css/html  \n19:49\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0he doesn't like our organization :P  \n19:49\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0What are you into?  \n19:49\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Hm, weird  \n19:49\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Java is nicer than C++  \n19:50\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0imho, no.  \n19:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But anyone with his preferences  \n19:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0:p  \n19:50\u00a0<+Enygma`>\u00a0yes, C++ is just an inferior form :P  \n19:50\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0bullies.  \n19:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0:D  \n19:50\u00a0<+Enygma`>\u00a0you asked for it :D  \n19:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0C++ is nice, until you get a SEGFAULT  \n19:51\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0ihalip: Did you apply for other orgs?  \n19:51\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0yes, honeynet  \n19:51\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Nice  \n19:51\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Good luck!  \n19:51\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0thanks  \n20:10\u00a0<bumbu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:13\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has quit  \n20:28\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0has quit  \n20:32\u00a0<supreet>\u00a0has quit  \n20:37\u00a0<pulasthi1>\u00a0has quit  \n20:39\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:43\u00a0<+sburjan`>\u00a0ihalip: :)  \n21:02\u00a0<Chami1>\u00a0has quit  \n21:02\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has quit  \n21:09\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n21:16\u00a0<khyati\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n21:18\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0sburjan` =)  \n21:32\u00a0<sid\\_gup>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n21:33\u00a0<sid\\_gup>\u00a0hello  \n21:34\u00a0<sid\\_gup>\u00a0i have certain doubts regarding the project \"Dynamic RESTful services\"  \n21:35\u00a0<sid\\_gup>\u00a0as far as my understanding of the project, i feel it needs java programming  \n21:36\u00a0<sid\\_gup>\u00a0but what exactly the project is aimed at, i couldn't understand it..  \n21:36\u00a0<sid\\_gup>\u00a0please help regarding what skills do we need to have to work for this project..  \n21:43\u00a0<sid\\_gup>\u00a0has quit  \n22:29\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0has quit  \n22:34\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n22:34\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0has quit  \n22:34\u00a0<ihalip>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n22:46\u00a0<Robert\\_Kruszewsk>\u00a0has quit  \n23:30\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has quit  \n23:55\u00a0<ankur>\u00a0has quit  \n23:57\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has quit  \n23:59\u00a0<Avipar>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n\n"}