{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20090802", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20090802", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki on 02 August 2009 - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 00:03  \ncristinas left at 01:10 (\"Leaving\")  \nrrodriguez left at 01:35 (Client Quit)  \nanamarias\\_ joined #xwiki at 01:39  \nanamarias left at 01:39 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \nanamarias\\_ left at 01:41 (Client Quit)  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 09:05  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 09:06  \ntrifon left at 09:17 (Read error: 113 (No route to host))  \nkaaloo joined #xwiki at 09:22  \nkaaloo left at 09:23 (Client Quit)  \nrrodriguez left at 09:32 (Client Quit)  \nvmassol\\_ joined #xwiki at 09:36  \nvmassol left at 09:52 (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 10:03  \ntmortagne left at 10:05 (Client Quit)  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 10:14  \nA-Kaser joined #xwiki at 11:38  \nA-Kaser - (02/08/2009 11:39): poy poy  \nvmassol\\_ left at 11:43 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 11:46  \nsdumitriu left at 11:51 (Read error: 60 (Operation timed out))  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 12:06  \nvmassol left at 12:13 ()  \nalexmaru joined #xwiki at 12:33  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 12:34  \ntmortagne left at 12:38 (Client Quit)  \nalexmaru left at 13:59 ()  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 15:20  \nvmassol\\_ joined #xwiki at 15:29  \nvmassol left at 15:48 (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))  \nvenkatesh joined #xwiki at 16:16  \ncristinas joined #xwiki at 16:23  \narunreddy joined #xwiki at 16:46  \narunreddy\\_ joined #xwiki at 16:52  \ntrifon joined #xwiki at 17:01  \narunreddy left at 17:01 (Read error: 60 (Operation timed out))  \nanamarias left at 17:08 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \ncristinas left at 17:46 (\"Leaving\")  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:30): vmassol\\_ : HI  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:31): arunreddy\\_: hi  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:31): Am trying to change the exisiting implementation.  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:32): But before that i would like to know the importer from user perspective.   \nA-Kaser left at 18:33 (\"\"Soyons r\u00e9alistes, exigeons l'impossible.\" Ch\u00e9 Guevara\")  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:34): As the user will upload the Dump from his server machine. How to handle the configuration properties  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:34): Would it be better Wizard way. or user uploadiing a configuration file. ?  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:36): vmassol\\_: Am i understandable ?  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:37): arunreddy\\_: we need an import UI (if that's the question)  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:38): Yes. we need one. But am not clear on what all to include in UI.  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:39): Config Properties like.. Metadata, Attachements, History and so on.   \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 18:40  \nanamarias\\_ joined #xwiki at 18:49  \nanamarias left at 18:49 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:51): arunreddy\\_: not sure what you're asking. Maybe you could make a proposal on the mailing list?  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:52): then we can discuss it there  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:52): Ok   \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:52): you could start by listing all ropeties  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:52): properties  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:52): (at least the ones you already know of\u00e0  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:52): s/\u00e0/)/  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:53): arunreddy\\_: have you seen my comments following my code review?  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:54): Yes. Am working on those. 1) Removing Wiki Interface  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:54): 2) Wiki Importer Configuration Component.  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:54): re the dump to import, I think we should leave it to the user to put it on the server for now  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:54): ok cool  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:55): And i have created a Jira Issue on sand box.  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:55): ok   \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:55): (haven't seen it)  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:56): http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/browse/XSANDBOX/component/10800  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:56): arunreddy\\_: hmmmm  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:57): i don't see any issue for implementing a Wiki Importer  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:57): but you have 2 issues regarding improving something that doesn't exist (since there's no issue for it) ;)  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:57): you should not have jira issues for stuff that \"don't exist\"  \nanamarias\\_ left at 18:57 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:58): don't exist = not released  \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 18:58  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:58): if you need help re jira there are guidelines here:  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:58): http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/DevelopmentPractices  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:58): Can i make some release.   \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:59): Suppose if i want to create one for Wiki Importer Configuration Component .. Can i create a issue for it.  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 18:59): a release for a component?  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:00): a releaase should be made for something that can be tested end to end  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:00): you can create a jira issue for a first version of the importer and then have subtask for that first version and when you have implemented them you can send an email asking for review  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:00): you should do that as much as possible  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:00): right now noboyd really now what works in your work and what's left to be done  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:01): s/now/know/  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:01): we talked about it internally and noboyd was able to tell the status  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:01): this is not good  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:01): you really need to have working stuff end to end and show it + communicate on the list/explain how to use it, etc  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:03): Ok.I never knew that.  \nguillaum1 left at 19:03 (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))  \nguillaum1 joined #xwiki at 19:04  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:05): otp  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:13): back  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:14): yes at this stage it's important to have something working even if it doesn't do everything  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:14): but at least something working end to end  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:14): that you can then work on improving step by step  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:15): you should also communicate more on the list and less on irc, irc is very bad in that only those present can talk and the others don't interact  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:15): for ex I'm giving you only my POV right now but the others can't do the same since they're not online....  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:15): (arunreddy\\_ )  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:15): :)  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:16): yeah. Actually i had mediawiki and confluence simple import working end to end  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:16): that's great!  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:17): you need to show it to others  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:17): explain you have it working  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:17): But as per your feed back i need to make changes in implementation.  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:17): explain how we can reproduce it  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:17): you can show it while you make improvements  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:17): you need feedback from others  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:18): this really the open source way of working  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:18): you start small, you show, you get feedback, you improve, you show, you get feedback, etc  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:19): basically this is how we write software collaboratively  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:19): Ok. I will do that. Can i make a release with the exisiting implementation . ?  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:20): you can tag in the sandbox but not do a real release  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:20): you can install stuff on incubator though if you need to show something  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:20): release mean - some thing working that i can show to others.  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:20): you can also install on your machine  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:20): and give access  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:20): you can also give instructions to install  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:21): I would like to install it on incubator. I dont have continous net access.  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:21): by taking the tagged sources and explain how to build them and deploy them  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:21): re incubator, fine, just send an email explaninig what needs to be done  \nanamarias - (02/08/2009 19:22): hi vmassol\\_ : what do you mean by tagged sources ?  \narunreddy\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:22): 2 things. Import a XAR file and a component jar in Xwiki Lib  \nvmassol\\_ - (02/08/2009 19:22): svn move  \nanamarias\\_ joined #xwiki at 19:40  \nanamarias left at 19:40 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \nanamarias\\_ left at 19:42 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 19:42  \nanamarias\\_ joined #xwiki at 19:54  \nvenkatesh left at 20:11 (Remote closed the connection)  \nanamarias left at 20:17 (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))  \nanamarias\\_ left at 20:24 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \nanamarias joined #xwiki at 20:38  \nmarta\\_ joined #xwiki at 21:27  \nguillaum1 left at 21:49 (\"Leaving.\")  \nguillaum1 joined #xwiki at 21:49  \ntrifon left at 22:06 (Remote closed the connection)  \ntrifon joined #xwiki at 22:07  \nvmassol\\_ left at 22:17 ()  \narunreddy\\_ left at 23:45 (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))  \narunreddy\\_ joined #xwiki at 23:46  \ncristinas joined #xwiki at 23:46  \n\n"}