{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20150907", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20150907", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki on 07 September 2015 - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\n<abusenius\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n01:59\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has quit  \n02:13\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n03:49\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:57\u00a0<xwikibot>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:07\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:10\u00a0<Pbas>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:16\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has quit  \n09:21\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:36\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:45\u00a0<Pbas>\u00a0has quit  \n09:45\u00a0<vmassol1>\u00a0good morning everyone  \n09:45\u00a0<vmassol1>\u00a0is now known as <vmassol>  \n09:46\u00a0<Pbas>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0this week is important for us since it's the week before we release 7.2RC1 :)  \n09:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so we have one week to clear up the remaining jira issues for RC1  \n09:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a025 as of now  \n09:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'll check if some can be moved for mater  \n09:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\\*later  \n09:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Hi Denis, will you be able to tackle XWIKI-12165 this week?  \n09:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(ie for the 7.2 release)  \n09:49\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0same question for XWIKI-12389  \n09:49\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I need to know if I have to move them to 7.3M1  \n09:49\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:12\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:19\u00a0<Slashman>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:35\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has quit  \n10:41\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:53\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:55\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has quit  \n10:55\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:09\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has quit  \n11:09\u00a0<Ramona3>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0note: ci maintenant going on ATM  \n11:32\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:34\u00a0<Ramona3>\u00a0has quit  \n12:08\u00a0<Ramona3>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:11\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has quit  \n12:24\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:29\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has quit  \n12:32\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:35\u00a0<Ramona3>\u00a0has quit  \n12:35\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n13:03\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has quit  \n14:23\u00a0<Ramona1>\u00a0has quit  \n14:40\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:43\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:00\u00a0<msmeria>\u00a0has quit  \n15:01\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has quit  \n15:03\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gsmeria: hi, could you please tell us what doesn't work when you tested the office app with nested spaces? see http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-12332  \n15:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(would be nice if you could add the details in the issue itself)  \n15:07\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has quit  \n15:12\u00a0<gsmeria>\u00a0Hello. I created that issue, because you can see from the UI that it uses \"space\" notion and I also found those methods in the pages of the application which I thought it will break its functionality. I will test it now and complete with some other details  \n15:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gsmeria: in general, the best is to test the app/module to see if something is broken or not  \n15:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok thanks  \n15:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0@all: any remark concerning http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-12459# I'd like to implement it  \n15:32\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: XWIKI-12332 I explained at least one of the issue in a comment  \n15:34\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: ah ok, I didn't understand your comment, which is actually why I asked gsmeria if it was tested\u2026  \n15:34\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0in any case we need to know if the app still works when importing on non-nested spaces  \n15:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0if it does then we can move ti to post 7.2  \n15:35\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0there should not be any issue on non-nested spaces  \n15:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok then there's no need for gsmeria to test , right? and we can move the issue to 7.3M1?  \n15:35\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0and since the UI does not really allow importing on nested space that should be ok  \n15:36\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0never harm to test since we don't have a single UI test for the whole office module  \n15:36\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0but I guess office import is already part of things tested in general by the test team  \n15:38\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0in any case XWIKI-12332 can me moved to later IMO  \n15:38\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0if any bug is found in the office module it should be another issue  \n16:01\u00a0<ClemensR>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:04\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0has quit  \n16:23\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:31\u00a0<gsmeria>\u00a0vmassol: I've updated the description for http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-12332  \n16:49\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0thanks gsmeria  \n16:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0guys I'm going to implement http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-12459# (after discussing with evalica) please let me know quickly if you don't agree.  \n17:04\u00a0<Trefex>\u00a0has quit  \n17:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0note that evalica is creating an issue: we're missing the space index view for 7.2 final!  \n17:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0note that we still have tons of instance of the word \"Space\" in ApplicationResources.properties\u2026.  \n17:12\u00a0<gsmeria>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n17:15\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0vmassol: there is http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-12218  \n17:16\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0thanks mflorea. evalica: that's for you :)  \n17:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a018 issues to go for RC1 :)  \n17:34\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0mflorea/all: do we have a jira issue for adding the filterable Document Tree on the Home icon?  \n17:34\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(just checked the issues for RC1 and I couldn't find it)  \n17:36\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0I don't know if there is an issue, but is this for RC1? I though it is for later  \n17:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0It can be for later I think even though it would have been nice  \n17:37\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but not sure we'll have the time  \n17:37\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok creating the issue  \n17:38\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0wait  \n17:38\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-12430  \n17:38\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0vmassol  \n17:39\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ah ok thanks  \n17:39\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I reported it :)  \n17:39\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I need to buy myself some brain extender...  \n17:48\u00a0<Chuguniy>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n18:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0mflorea: re the documentTree macro, what's the max # of nodes displayed by default? I couldn't find a property to specify how many to list before \"more..\" is displayed  \n18:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(by reading http://extensions.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Extension/Document+Tree+Macro )  \n18:11\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0you mean the max number of siblings, that's 15  \n18:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes, ok, can it be controlled?  \n18:12\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0currently it's not configurable, https://github.com/xwiki/xwiki-platform/blob/master/xwiki-platform-core/xwiki-platform-index/xwiki-platform-index-ui/src/main/resources/XWiki/DocumentTreeMacros.xml#L137  \n18:12\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok  \n18:12\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0$offset 15  \n18:15\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: re my change for the default title of home page (from \"Wiki Home\" to \"Home\"), if the user has changed the title, this will generate a conflict right? Any way to say by default: \"if the user has changed the title, then use the user's value, otherwise use the new value\"?)  \n18:17\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: in case of conflict current value (i.e. user value) has priority in the proposal  \n18:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok but the user will still see a conflict  \n18:17\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0sure but it is a conflict  \n18:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes but if he has set a value, we always want to use his value for this case  \n18:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(and conflict make users worried and jumpy :))  \n18:20\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0not always no, sometimes he will like better the new standard  \n18:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0not in this case  \n18:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n18:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so does it mean we have no solution ATM?  \n18:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(no pre script or exceptions that can be specified)  \n18:25\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n18:34\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: no there is no way to customize conflict resolution in the extension itself  \n18:45\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n18:45\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has quit  \n19:02\u00a0<ClemensR>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n19:12\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has quit  \n19:34\u00a0<abusenius\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:35\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0has quit  \n20:05\u00a0<OSIMasson>\u00a0has quit  \n20:29\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:40\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has quit  \n20:42\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has quit  \n20:42\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n21:22\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has quit  \n22:14\u00a0<Slashman>\u00a0has quit  \n22:47\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has quit  \n23:40\u00a0<Chuguniy>\u00a0has quit  \n23:51\u00a0<abusenius\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n23:55\u00a0<elsanchez>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n23:55\u00a0<elsanchez>\u00a0is now known as <elsanchez\\_>  \n23:57\u00a0<elsanchez\\_>\u00a0hi there, is anybody there willing to help me pls. It's about some configuration I think  \n23:59\u00a0<elsanchez\\_>\u00a0I can't see some basic files (template files) if they are formed without the /xwiki/bin/skins/ prefix, for example: \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0/xwiki/skins/flamingo/logo.png  \n23:59\u00a0<elsanchez\\_>\u00a0but everything is ok if I use this url \\* /xwiki/bin/skins/skins/flamingo/logo.png\n"}