{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20110114", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20110114", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\n00:16\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n00:38\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n00:39\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n00:51\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n00:52\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n01:11\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has quit  \n01:30\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n01:40\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has quit  \n01:58\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has quit  \n02:24\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n04:30\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n04:56\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n05:33\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has quit  \n05:51\u00a0<venkatna>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n05:51\u00a0<venkatna>\u00a0has quit  \n05:52\u00a0<venkatna>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n06:02\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has quit  \n06:09\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n06:49\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:13\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has quit  \n07:56\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:00\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has quit  \n08:36\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:44\u00a0<sburjan``>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:44\u00a0<sburjan``>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n08:56\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:12\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has quit  \n09:16\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0good morning (BTW) ;)  \n09:25\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:35\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:36\u00a0<arkub>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:49\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:50\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0hello vmassol  \n09:50\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0hi sburjan  \n09:50\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0Are we gonna be able to keep the release date for 17th (monday) ?  \n09:51\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0I'd like to know in order to know if I should start testing or continue working on the Manual Test Plan  \n09:55\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:56\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0and also, isn't 2.7M1 already released ?  \n09:56\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0or am I missing something  \n09:57\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0i think 2.7M1 was scrapped and you went directly to the one and only RC1 and by now 2.7 final is out  \n10:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sburjan: yes 17th is maintained for the moment but we need to find a release manager and start the release today. Also tests need to be reviewed and fixed since I believe several are still failing  \n10:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0regarding the test plan and testing, they're the exact same!  \n10:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0what I told silvia I thought you should do is:  \n10:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0- test the software as you normally do  \n10:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0- whenever you finish a test you add it to your spreadhseet table with the result  \n10:03\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0that'll give you the plan  \n10:03\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0then  \n10:03\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0- improve it for next time  \n10:03\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0okay. This is what I'll do  \n10:03\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0I still have to go through some docs from old version in order to update them  \n10:03\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0and after, I can start the testing + filling in the observations  \n10:04\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0you can check on Draft  \n10:04\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0the Plans that have \"(Reviewed)\" are the updated version  \n10:05\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0another issue is that there are many documents, so It won't be easy to instantiate a new set on each release  \n10:05\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0we could either do a merge into a single large doc, or only keep one, which will be the latest  \n10:05\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0this is for you to decide  \n10:06\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0or Silvia  \n10:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0A single spreadsheet is best IMO. google docs spreadhseet sounds good to me, linked or attached to a xwiki page later on  \n10:08\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0so you want to export to google docs what I am doing on Drafts ?  \n10:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0export, copy, whatever you want  \n10:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but this is tabular data  \n10:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0not word type documents  \n10:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so a spreadhseet is the easiest to instantiate it and fill the results IMO  \n10:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0if you want to do it in a xwiki doc I'm fine too  \n10:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0whatever is the simplest for you  \n10:10\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0ok, I will ask Silvia what to do  \n10:10\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0after I finish with these .. maybe you could review them a little bit.. not each line, but as a structure and how the table is organised  \n10:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yep  \n10:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0actually gregory/silvia should review them too  \n10:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0since they're the owner of this  \n10:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0remember that this QA is supposed to be done outside of the dev team  \n10:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0in order to be independent and provide a separate view of the quality  \n10:11\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0ok. I'll talk with Silvia and G then  \n10:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'll also review  \n10:20\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:53\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has quit  \n11:19\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n11:31\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:35\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has quit  \n11:37\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0stopping \u00a0a stuck hudson build  \n11:38\u00a0<\\_\\_mel\\_\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:39\u00a0<\\_\\_mel\\_\\_>\u00a0Hi. after upgrading the templates from 2.5 to 2.7 the webhome page changed from \"Recent Changes\" to \"Activity Stream\". But there are no entrys in it.  \n11:48\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:51\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0evalica: Hi  \n11:51\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0we don't have styles for disabled input buttons yet, correct ?  \n11:51\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0disabled ... nope  \n11:52\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0if we have something disabled we just don't show it  \n11:52\u00a0<+evalica>\u00a0just like action menus - if you don't have Copy or Delete right - it doesn't appear in the menu  \n11:57\u00a0<\\_\\_mel\\_\\_>\u00a0on the playground the activity stream doesn't work either  \n12:02\u00a0<\\_\\_mel\\_\\_>\u00a0the jira.xwiki.org hangs all the time.  \n12:04\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:07\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0evalica: I see  \n12:08\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0but my use case is dynamic, in JS. According to user inputs etc. a button may or may not be disabled  \n12:08\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0I don't want to hide it completely if it is disabled  \n12:08\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0what do you suggest I implement as disabled styles ?  \n12:08\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0lighter color ?  \n12:18\u00a0<\\_\\_mel\\_\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n12:42\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:44\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0cjdelisle: hello  \n12:44\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0\b  \n12:45\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0is anyone around who could give me a hand with trying to make XWiki on Jetty work with MS SQL Server 2008?  \n12:45\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0I think I've spotted a regression on the configurable class thing and registration config on trunk  \n12:45\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0if you go to registration config as Admin, you get this message :  \n12:45\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0This configuration cannot be displayed because it was last edited by Admin who doesn't have permission to edit this page.  \n12:45\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0jvelociter: Yep, seen it already  \n12:46\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0it seems to reproduce with all custom configs  \n12:46\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0could it be the dropPermissions call that has been moved recently ?  \n12:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0My guess is that it's caused by Velocity 1.7 again  \n12:46\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0ok  \n12:46\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0it breaks lot of stuff it seems :)  \n12:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes  \n12:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0One thing which will never work again is #setVariableFromRequest  \n12:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It's a perfect example of what doesn't work anymore  \n12:51\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0sdumitriu: did we ever use that ?  \n12:51\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I didn't see it before, but it is intensively used in {{activity}}  \n12:51\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0That's why all the activities are empty  \n12:51\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0(on trunk)  \n12:52\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'm working on that  \n12:53\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0ok  \n13:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: hi. Question for you about velocity 1.7  \n13:07\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Seen the mail  \n13:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'm trtying to understand why if you modify a variable passed in param the value isn't visible outside  \n13:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0isn't this controlled by velocimacro.context.localscope ?  \n13:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0this config param is set to false by default so I shouldn't see this behavior  \n13:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0btw this is why the AS is fgailing  \n13:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0failing  \n13:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Anca and I are on it  \n13:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but we don't understand the new veliocity behavior  \n13:10\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0No  \n13:10\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'm on the AS as well  \n13:11\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Let me find the document  \n13:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0actually we're on the warning in the console  \n13:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0caused by Main.Activity  \n13:11\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but that's not hte pb  \n13:12\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the pb is the passing of param to macros and their local modification inside the macro  \n13:12\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so for ex setVariableFromRequest doesn't work anymore  \n13:13\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0http://wiki.apache.org/velocity/MacroEvaluationStrategy  \n13:13\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0The way macros worked before was closer to C macros  \n13:14\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Now it's much closer to Java method calls  \n13:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0that's not the issue  \n13:14\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes it is  \n13:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the issue is that we've lots of stuff broken  \n13:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and same for users I guess  \n13:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0let me read that page  \n13:15\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Would you expect in Java obj.doSomething(x) to change the value of x?  \n13:15\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0can this behavior be controlled?  \n13:15\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0No  \n13:15\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0again it's not the issue  \n13:15\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the issue is backward compat  \n13:15\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Why not?  \n13:15\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes, but Velocity is the one that's not backwards compatible  \n13:15\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I told them the issue  \n13:16\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes I remember  \n13:16\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0that's wat was preventing us from u^grading to 1.6.1 or 1.6.2 as I recall  \n13:16\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0but I don't understand, we have so much code that's written like that, by passing variable to assign as macro param  \n13:16\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0And they decided to revert it for 1.6, but decided to do it in 1.7  \n13:16\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0we're gonna refactor all that?  \n13:16\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes  \n13:16\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0and what's the strategy? do we have return values now?  \n13:16\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0well we need to a path for users  \n13:16\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'm working on a new version of setParamFromReq which works like this:  \n13:16\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0eta then  \n13:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we need to start the release asap  \n13:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0might be good to revert  \n13:17\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0#readParameterFromRequest($outputVariableName $parameterName $defaultValue)  \n13:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I don't like that we change ttihng  \n13:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and break them  \n13:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0without any plan for fixing them  \n13:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0which is what happezned  \n13:17\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Internally it does an #eval so that it creates a variable whose name you pass in the first paramete  \n13:17\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0r  \n13:17\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: So we switch back to 1.6 indefinitely?  \n13:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I didn't say that  \n13:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we need to  \n13:18\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0And decide that Velocity doesn't fit our needs anymore?  \n13:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a01) identify incompat issues  \n13:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a02) find a migration plan to fix them  \n13:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a03) and to announce it to users to tell them what they need to do and how they upgrade  \n13:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0seems like we're doing it cwboy style now  \n13:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0cwboy  \n13:18\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0cowboy  \n13:18\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I don't think the problem is as severe as it seems  \n13:19\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It only affects a certain kind of macro usage  \n13:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0is that the only backward compat issue?  \n13:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0any other?  \n13:19\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0The Velocity guys were very surprised it even worked that way when I pointed to them that it was a regression  \n13:19\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0As far as I see, it's the only one  \n13:19\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0There will be more in 2.0  \n13:20\u00a0<DrLou>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n13:20\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0They will remove $velocityCount in favor of $foreach.count  \n13:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0have you verified all places where we use this kind of set in macros?  \n13:20\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Continuing, this kind of macro usage was \"recently\" introduced in our own code, starting with the 2.0 blog application  \n13:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0or are we going to discover them one by one?  \n13:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Not yet  \n13:21\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0no  \n13:21\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0that's not true, sergiu  \n13:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I will check them one by one  \n13:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I don't think our users have many such macros  \n13:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0And for SAS customers, we'll handle most migrations anyway  \n13:22\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Sure, it breaks stuff, and I wish there was a way around it  \n13:23\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0have a nice weekend folks  \n13:23\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But that's a core Java change which is unlikely to be reintroduced with a config param  \n13:23\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0We could talk with the velocity devs to see if there's any solution  \n13:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: the very least is to document it  \n13:23\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0bye  \n13:23\u00a0<jstoldt>\u00a0has quit  \n13:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0or point to a velocity upgrade guide  \n13:23\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I guess a faster solution would be to deploy our own patched version of Velocity  \n13:23\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes, definitely  \n13:24\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'll make this a big red error in the release notes  \n13:24\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'll even use <blink>  \n13:24\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0:p  \n13:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I still don't understand why they did it in 1.7 when 2.0 is around the corner  \n13:24\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0+1 for the blink!  \n13:25\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Anyway, 1.7 or 2.0, this would have happened eventually  \n13:25\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0sdumitriu: ETA for the setVariableFromRequest, please  \n13:25\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0we need it  \n13:26\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ASAP  \n13:26\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0I mean do you have it, do you commit it  \n13:26\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0?  \n13:26\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0do we fix it  \n13:26\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0?  \n13:26\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0setVariableFromRequest is unfixable  \n13:26\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I added an @deprecated warning on it  \n13:27\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0And I'm writing readVariableFromRequest  \n13:27\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Halfway there, fell asleep around 7:15  \n13:27\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0:)  \n13:27\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0come on!  \n13:27\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a07:15  \n13:27\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I thought you were stronger than that  \n13:27\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0most of us were up at that time!  \n13:27\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0:)  \n13:28\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0ETA?  \n13:28\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Give me 20  \n13:28\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0wait  \n13:28\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0wait  \n13:28\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0that makes it 4 fixes?  \n13:28\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0fives  \n13:29\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0ok, then we rely on you for this, right? there are lots of tests failing because of that thing impacting the activity  \n13:29\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0activity macro that os  \n13:29\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0is  \n13:30\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'm wondering about a thing  \n13:31\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0If the parameter is present in the URL, but has an empty value, the default is used  \n13:31\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Isn't the fact that the parameter is there important?  \n13:31\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0@all question : I an viewing an older version of a document. BUt when I try to edit with wiki and wysywig I get the actual version. (latest). is this normal ?  \n13:31\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0sburjan: you cannot edit an older version  \n13:31\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0ok  \n13:31\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0it doesn't make sense  \n13:32\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0(in my head)  \n13:32\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0maybe we should make it more obvious that it  \n13:32\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0it's editing the current version, but editing a history entry doesn't make sense  \n13:32\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0it makes sense if you want to get some code that was in a prev version, but not in the last one :P  \n13:33\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0you can use viewer=code  \n13:33\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0for that specific revision  \n13:33\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0OK, I think I've nailed it, let me check it works  \n13:34\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0lucaa: doesnt work  \n13:35\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0hmm...  \n13:35\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0then I don't know... I would say viewer=code should work, rather than edit  \n13:35\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/viewrev/Drafts/TestingSpaceIndexAndSpacesMacro?rev=1.1?viewer=code I get a stack trace  \n13:36\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0sburjan & is the separator between params in http get syntax  \n13:36\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0!  \n13:36\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0?rev&viewer  \n13:36\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0!  \n13:37\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0What's the exact issue with velocity? or what should I search for to find it?  \n13:37\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0now works, thanks  \n13:38\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a008:20 < vmassol> ping me again tomorrow please  \n13:38\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0(TransactionRunnable)  \n13:39\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0I'm about to make a couple of changes because of an improvement which I thought of as a result of Denis's email, you can read that on the list to see the details.  \n13:40\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Works!  \n13:40\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Committing  \n13:40\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0patched velocity?  \n13:40\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0No  \n13:40\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Solved Activity  \n13:41\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But I think I'll apply https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/VELOCITY-681 locally  \n13:41\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0I see. Where can I read about the velocity issue? Any search terms which will lead me in the right direction?  \n13:41\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0cjdelisle: Read that issue  \n13:41\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0Ok, thanks.  \n13:42\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0And the documentation at http://wiki.apache.org/velocity/MacroEvaluationStrategy  \n13:43\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0cjdelisle: thanks for the reminder\u2026. i thought you'd forget it! ;)  \n13:43\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(kidding)  \n13:43\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0hehehe  \n13:43\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0Hmm that velocity change shouldn't break me unless I just made a mistake.  \n13:44\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0I agree it's the right direction, it's a hard change though.  \n13:48\u00a0<sburjan`>\u00a0has quit  \n13:56\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Hm, actually I might salvage #setVariableFromRequest  \n13:56\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Only when the output variable is undefined  \n13:57\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Since I can get its name when it's null  \n14:00\u00a0<florinciu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Hehe, I'm good  \n14:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0OK, I can salvage #setVariableFromRequest completely  \n14:06\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0aaah nooo, not like that  \n14:15\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0lucaa, vmassol XWIKI-5890  \n14:16\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Activity works now  \n14:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: question for you. I'm with Anca and we need translations for macros (for the dashboard). We need a place where to extract the code used in the wysiwyg to compute the transaltion. I think the best is in localization module itself. it's temporary of course till the localization module is finished. WDYT?  \n14:18\u00a0<+lucaa>\u00a0sdumitriu: this is the mail http://markmail.org/thread/7esompwicl6j6itz  \n14:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: however should we remove what currently exists in the localization module since it's not used. An alternative is to move the public apis in the internal module (the 3 classes you have now: Bundle, LocalizationManager and WikiInformation)  \n14:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(we don't want people to start using these apis)  \n14:19\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I can commit what I have so far in there  \n14:20\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It's better than the current code  \n14:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0what's the status?  \n14:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0working?  \n14:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0design ok?  \n14:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I don't remember very well, but best case scenario is that it's fully functional, just missing a {{wiki macro}} to make it usable without velocity  \n14:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'll have to check  \n14:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0you have tests? :)  \n14:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I could'nt find any in the current code  \n14:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Not sure about tests  \n14:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(I wanted to verify if it was working)  \n14:21\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Probably not  \n14:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0if we do this then we postpone localization of dashboard to M2, which is ok IMO. However we need your commitment to commit something working asap  \n14:22\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Before M1?  \n14:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0no  \n14:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0at beginning of m2 to have dashboard translations in m2 final  \n14:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(knowing that your priority is user status for M2....)  \n14:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0will you have enough time?  \n14:23\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes  \n14:24\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0{{translate}} macros are not critical to have the code in there  \n14:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yes you don't need it initially  \n14:24\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0s/you/we/  \n14:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: can you reply to Anca's mail http://markmail.org/thread/7esompwicl6j6itz ?  \n14:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0to let everyone know your plan to impleent a first version of the localization module for M2  \n14:26\u00a0<venkatna>\u00a0has quit  \n14:26\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0K  \n14:30\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: could you give me some feedback on this ? \u00a0http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Drafts/ManualTestingPlanGreatMerge  \n14:32\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0sdumitriu: haha just seen your fix, nice  \n14:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: maybe you could use http://velocity.apache.org/tools/devel/javadoc/org/apache/velocity/tools/generic/ConversionTool.html instead of $util.parseBoolean/etc?  \n14:41\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes, I don't like $util that much  \n14:41\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But that's another topic  \n14:41\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0$conversiontool isn't even enabled  \n14:41\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It might be in tools-2.0 only, and we didn't upgrade yet  \n14:42\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0tools 2.0 have been released ?  \n14:42\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0(there is the displaytool I am interested in, in it)  \n14:44\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It's hard to upgrade at the moment  \n14:44\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0XWIKI-5347  \n14:45\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0sdumitriu: can't we not drag struts with it ?  \n14:45\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Not sure  \n14:45\u00a0<+jvelociter>\u00a0oh, it's packaged in the jar ?  \n14:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0sdumitriu: have we reported to them that it should be optional?  \n14:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(in their jira)  \n14:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Didn't get the chance to do it  \n14:47\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0The next version of tools will be better  \n14:47\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Since the switched to Maven, and they have submodules  \n14:47\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0We'll be able to use only the generic tools, since we don't need any of the other tools  \n14:51\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0so will we be able to launch monday ?  \n14:52\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0I'm still testing latest snapshot, but a lot of thing don't work yet so I can't test everything  \n14:52\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0\\*things  \n14:53\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I don't know  \n14:53\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Hopefully, yes  \n14:53\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0But it depends on how many tests will keep failing  \n14:54\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0well the ones from ui will continue to fail because the issue wasn't fixed  \n15:00\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so nobody interested to be the release manager for 3.0M1?  \n15:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0hmmm mflorea hasn't done this for a very long time....  \n15:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0mflorea: might be a good time to start  \n15:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0wdyt?  \n15:02\u00a0<+mflorea>\u00a0:)  \n15:02\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I can help, we can help  \n15:03\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0it's also well documented  \n15:03\u00a0<+mflorea>\u00a0ok, I can try  \n15:03\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yeah great  \n15:04\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/ReleaseProcess  \n15:04\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I'd like to release 2.5.2 sometime next week  \n15:04\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Maybe Monday as well  \n15:04\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0first step is to make all our functional tests pass.  \n15:04\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Parallel releases  \n15:04\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0you can also start preparing the release plan  \n15:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I'm going to look at some failing tests now  \n15:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I think I troduced some test failreu in XWikiSyntax  \n15:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0vmassol: Where's tmortagne?  \n15:05\u00a0<+mflorea>\u00a0wait, when is the release planned?  \n15:05\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Monday  \n15:06\u00a0<+mflorea>\u00a0ok, that's good  \n15:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0he's sick and won't be back for at least 2 weeks  \n15:06\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0K  \n15:06\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Then maybe you know  \n15:06\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Arent duplicate headings supposed to generate different IDs?  \n15:07\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It works well when the headings are in the same document, but fails when they are in included documents  \n15:57\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:27\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0vmassol: do you have 5 minutes to fast look at the Manual Test Plan ?  \n16:27\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:29\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0130 tests fixed with one commit  \n16:29\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a023 tests are still failing  \n16:30\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Or no, the build is still in progress  \n16:32\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0sdumitriu: what tests did you fixed ?  \n16:33\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0because I don't see any commit related  \n16:35\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Bugs get fixed by dependency corrections as well  \n16:36\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0I fixed a core macro, which fixed the activity stream  \n16:37\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0I see  \n16:37\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0well it's good  \n16:37\u00a0<nuvolari\\_>\u00a0is now known as <nuvolari>  \n16:41\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0anyone has any idea who is responsable for PDF Export ?  \n16:42\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Mostly me  \n16:43\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0ok. I will create a JIRA issue, and I'll put the code i use and screenshot of the output. And if you consider it worth fixing in the future or able to reproduce .. it will be there  \n16:44\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0basically it's a problem with exporting a table that has defined width or 100% and for some columns dpecific width .. working with % maybe this is the cause  \n16:45\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0I guess this would go in Core -> Export  \n16:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It's unfixable  \n16:46\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0It's a known bug of FOP  \n16:47\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0ok, I won'treport it then  \n16:47\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n16:48\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0sdumitriu: so your last commit fixes the AS from trunk ?  \n16:48\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes  \n16:49\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0You could test the last snapshot  \n16:49\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0See if it reall yworks  \n16:49\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0it's already built ?  \n16:50\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a014:44 last snapshot  \n16:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0Nu ?tiu dac? e ?la  \n16:50\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0C? am comis pe la 2 ?i 10  \n16:52\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0last commit I see regarding AS was on XE-805 06:37:01 in the morning  \n16:53\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0maybe I'm reading it wrong .. anyway I am downloading latest snapshot ( 65)  \n17:06\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0sdumitriu: AS works on XWiki Enterprise 3.0-SNAPSHOT.33963. Great job !  \n17:14\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0I will continue testing monday first hour  \n17:15\u00a0<+sburjan>\u00a0http://incubator.myxwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Test/30snapshots  \n17:30\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has quit  \n17:30\u00a0<sburjan>\u00a0has quit  \n17:52\u00a0<arkub>\u00a0has quit  \n17:56\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n17:57\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0Quick question: what is the correct way to check if a user has view rights on a space? Checking hasAccessLevel(\"view\", \"TheSpaceWebHome\")? What if WebHome doesn't exist?  \n17:58\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0There is some code somewhere which checks by generating a page name which hopefully will never be used and checking permissions against that.  \n17:59\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0hmmm  \n18:00\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0http://svn.xwiki.org/svnroot/xwiki/platform/web/trunk/standard/src/main/webapp/templates/xwikivars.vm  \n18:00\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0That makes me think there is no \"correct\" way.  \n18:01\u00a0<@cjdelisle>\u00a0#set ($hasCreatePage = $xwiki.hasAccessLevel('edit', \"${doc.space}.DocumentReservedForInternalXWikiUsage${mathtool.random(0, 999)}\"))  \n18:02\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0let me check a thing  \n18:08\u00a0<@sdumitriu>\u00a0The rights implementation needs to be changed  \n18:11\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0well, actually since I need to test the view right, using the WebHome is fine... If it doesn't exist the hasAccessLevel should return false if I don't have the view right on the space.  \n18:20\u00a0<florinciu>\u00a0has quit  \n18:30\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0what are the current active branches to commit to? 3.0-SNAPSHOT, 2.7 and 2.6 ?  \n18:36\u00a0<fmancinelli>\u00a0has quit  \n18:54\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has quit  \n19:22\u00a0<florinciu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:47\u00a0<jvdrean>\u00a0has quit  \n20:05\u00a0<sburjan\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:47\u00a0<sburjan\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n20:48\u00a0<sburjan\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n21:53\u00a0<rrodriguez\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n21:56\u00a0<lpereira>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n21:57\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has quit  \n22:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n22:32\u00a0<rrodriguez\\_>\u00a0has quit  \n22:36\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n22:39\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has quit  \n22:40\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n22:48\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has quit  \n22:49\u00a0<rrodriguez>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n23:50\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has quit  \n23:50\u00a0<abusenius>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n\n"}