{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20101213", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20101213", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\nabusenius joined #xwiki at 00:05  \ncjdelisle` - (01:48): Looks like cjdelisle, must be cjdelisle...  \nvenkatna joined #xwiki at 03:45  \nvenkatna left at 03:46 (Client Quit  \nvenkatna joined #xwiki at 03:46  \nMenso1 left at 04:23 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvenkatna left at 04:51 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nvenkatna joined #xwiki at 04:52  \nabusenius left at 05:07 (Ping timeout: 255 seconds  \nDenis left at 06:01 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nDenis joined #xwiki at 06:09  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 07:55  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 07:56  \nsabageru joined #xwiki at 08:41  \nsburjan joined #xwiki at 08:44  \nsburjan - (08:54): morning : FYI I will test 2.7 snapshot today  \nvmassol - (08:56): sburjan: ok cool. We need to release ASAP though (before your results)  \nvmassol - (08:56): we are now 1 week late :(  \nsburjan - (08:56): I know :(  \nvmassol - (08:56): I've seen that jerome committed some important stuff over the week end  \nvmassol - (08:56): let's hope nothing was broken and it was ok  \nsburjan - (08:57): I have a question : In order to organize my activity better and to better know when we have a release, is \u00a0there any always-updated canlendar on releases ?  \nvmassol - (08:57): yes of course  \nsburjan - (08:57): I want to organize myself better  \nvmassol - (08:57): several  \nvmassol - (08:57): the first one is the roadmap  \nvmassol - (08:57): here:  \nvmassol - (08:57): enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Roadmap  \nvmassol - (08:58): this is the best source  \nvmassol - (08:58): then there's the jira calendar  \nvmassol - (08:59): we need to remember to update the jira one  \nvmassol - (08:59): we usually forget to update it  \nvmassol - (08:59): anyay the Roadmap page is always the best source  \nsburjan - (08:59): thanks. I'll bookmark it and use it as a reference  \nvmassol - (09:00): updating the jira calendar now  \nsburjan - (09:00): I guess we will release directly 2.7RC2  \nvmassol - (09:01): I don't know  \nvmassol - (09:01): sergiu is the release manager  \nvmassol - (09:01): :(  \nvmassol - (09:01): I guess there won't be any RC2  \nsburjan - (09:02): so we're moving to final instead. This will require \u00a0hardcore testing  \nvmassol - (09:03): not more than usual  \nvmassol - (09:03): it's a small release  \nvmassol - (09:03): a stabilization one  \nvmassol - (09:03): but yes :)  \nvmassol - (09:03): especially since it's the last minor release of the 2.x cycle  \nvmassol - (09:03): jira calendar updated  \nsburjan - (09:04): I have another suggestion. Would it be morea easy and transparent If I create a page somewhere and use some check boxes in order to see what I've tested ? Something similar like we have on the release page which the release manager has to check when he releases a module.  \nvmassol - (09:04): yes  \nsburjan - (09:04): so everybody can see the progress of testing ...  \nvmassol - (09:04): it's called a test plan  \nvmassol - (09:04): it's good to have one  \nsburjan - (09:05): ok. I will create on while testing for 2.7. I will show it to you in order to get some feedback  \nvmassol - (09:05): send it to the dev lists  \nvmassol - (09:05): make sure you start with the exsiting one  \nvmassol - (09:05): http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/Testing#HManualtesting  \nvmassol - (09:06): please review this too: http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/ManualTestStrategy  \nvmassol - (09:06): test plan is here: http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/ManualTestPlan  \nvmassol - (09:06): please update it and present a version to it to the devs list  \nsburjan - (09:07): okay.  \njstoldt joined #xwiki at 09:12  \nxwikibot joined #xwiki at 09:21  \njstoldt - (09:24): what's the status on 2.7 RC1?  \njstoldt - (09:24): will it arrive today?  \nvmassol - (09:25): jstoldt: we need to ask sergiu. ATM it's been delayed by 1 week  \njstoldt - (09:25): yep  \njstoldt - (09:25): well, i'll wait for him then :)  \nvmassol - (09:29): sburjan: found this too: http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Drafts/TestingWatchListScheduler  \nvmassol - (09:30): please provide a direction for that doc too  \nvmassol - (09:30): (either include it or discard it)  \nsburjan - (09:32): vmassol: okay  \nvmassol - (09:44): sburjan: there are lots of docs on http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Drafts/ related to the test plan that need be integrated in the overall test plan you're preparing  \nsburjan - (09:44): okay. I will take a look at them too  \nsburjan - (09:44): and try to make a merge  \nvmassol - (09:44): (you should talk to silvia about it too since she's the one who started them)  \nvmassol - (09:44): ok thanks  \nsilviar joined #xwiki at 10:37  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 10:49  \ntmortagne left #xwiki at 10:49  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 10:53  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 10:54  \nMenso joined #xwiki at 11:03  \nsdumitriu left at 11:05 (Ping timeout: 255 seconds  \ntmortagne left at 11:15 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 11:17  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 11:19  \nsburjan left at 11:25 (Ping timeout: 264 seconds  \ntmortagne1 joined #xwiki at 11:30  \ntmortagne left at 11:32 (Ping timeout: 260 seconds  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 11:35  \njstoldt - (11:38): hey sdumitriu, what's the status on 2.7 RC1?  \nvmassol - (11:44): lucaa: http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Features/FeaturesExtract converted to 2.0 syntx using the new container macro :)  \nvmassol - (11:44): check the source!  \nsdumitriu - (11:45): vmassol: what's the status on the events refactoring?  \nlucaa - (11:45): why do the images take so long to load/  \nlucaa - (11:45): ?  \nlucaa - (11:45): is it my internet?  \nvmassol - (11:45): sdumitriu: no idea, jerome did it  \nvmassol - (11:45): I think it's done  \nlucaa - (11:46): vmassol: should we justify the text?  \nvmassol - (11:46): I need to make all image absolute now  \nvmassol - (11:47): lucaa: I don't think so  \nvmassol - (11:47): we can try though  \nvmassol - (11:47): but first I need to fix all the thinfs I've broken  \nvmassol - (11:47): :)  \nvmassol - (11:47): lucaa: you're editing?  \nvmassol - (11:47): can I force the lock?  \nlucaa - (11:47): I was trying to have a little look  \nlucaa - (11:47): but you can force  \nlucaa - (11:47): my internet is too slow for that  \nvmassol - (11:47): (view>source)  \nvmassol - (11:47): ;)  \nvmassol - (11:48): (yeah I know I do the same\u2026 )  \nvmassol - (11:48): I need to make all images aboslutenow  \nlucaa - (11:48): no, no justify, it looks like crap with  \nlucaa - (11:48): I looked at the source with view source  \nlucaa - (11:48): I was trying out the justify  \nlucaa - (11:48): but it looks bad with  \nvmassol - (11:48): since the new include won't work iwth relative images  \nvmassol - (11:48): tmortagne1: I wonder if that's good  \nvmassol - (11:49): it means a lot more typin  \nvmassol - (11:49): maybe there's a need for a context or a new param  \nvmassol - (11:49): so that all refs are resolved from the included doc  \nvmassol - (11:49): wdyt?  \nsburjan joined #xwiki at 11:49  \ntmortagne1 - (11:50): vmassol: yes, we already taked about that but that's one of the things that also need information about the source  \ntmortagne1 - (11:50): currently all you know is current document  \ntmortagne1 - (11:51): pretty sure there is a jira issue for relative stuff  \nvmassol - (11:51): btw I wonder if the rename will rename images too  \ntmortagne1 - (11:52): vmassol: i dont think so  \ntmortagne1 - (11:52): rename only rename links  \ntmortagne1 - (11:52): AFAIK  \nvmassol - (11:52): so that's another todo....  \ntmortagne1 - (11:52): yep  \nmflorea left at 12:00 (Quit: Leaving.  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 12:05  \ntmortagne1 - (12:09): xwiki.org is still not using UTF8 ?  \nsdumitriu - (12:10): No  \ntmortagne1 - (12:10): ok  \nsdumitriu - (12:10): Which is so bad  \ntmortagne1 - (12:11): yep not very nice  \nsilviar left at 12:29 (Quit: Leaving.  \nabusenius left at 12:34 (Ping timeout: 260 seconds  \nlucaa left at 12:39 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nsilviar joined #xwiki at 12:41  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 13:27  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 13:27  \nvmassol - (13:29): guys I need some XWQL help  \nvmassol - (13:29): anyone knows how to say \"contains\" in XWQL?  \nvmassol - (13:29): for ex:  \nvmassol - (13:29): #set ($xwql = \"from doc.object(ExtensionCode.ExtensionClass) as extension where extension.type = 'application' and extension.bundledWith like 'XWiki Enterprise%'\")  \nvmassol - (13:29): I'd like to say that extension.bundledWith contains \"XWiki Enterprise\"  \nvmassol - (13:29): but it shouldn't match \"XWiki Enterprise Manager\"  \nvmassol - (13:30): hmm maybe I should use an id in the stati list  \nvmassol - (13:30): will try this  \nvmassol - (13:31): hmm before I do so I'd liek confirmation that I won't break the DB\u2026. sdumitriu?  \nvmassol - (13:31): currently we have the following for bundledWith:  \nvmassol - (13:31): XWiki Enterprise|XWiki Enterprise Manager  \nvmassol - (13:31): I'd like to modify it to be:  \nvmassol - (13:31): enterprise=XWiki Enterprise|manager=XWiki Enterprise Manager  \nEnygma` joined #xwiki at 13:32  \nvmassol - (13:32): hmm I guess I'll just need to modify the sheet to use display() instead of getValue()  \nvmassol - (13:32): is that it?  \nsdumitriu - (13:32): Yes  \nsdumitriu - (13:32): But note that all the existing values will be wrong  \nvmassol - (13:32): ah that was my worry  \nvmassol - (13:33): so no converison is performed  \nsdumitriu - (13:33): No  \nvmassol - (13:33): ok....  \nsdumitriu - (13:33): But you can write a script  \nvmassol - (13:33): any other way to do what I need in xwql?  \nvmassol - (13:33): or is this really the best way?  \nsdumitriu - (13:33): foreach doc, if value == \"XWiki Enterprise\" then set \"enterprise\", save  \nsdumitriu - (13:34): What type is bundledWith?  \nvmassol - (13:34): static list  \nsdumitriu - (13:34): multiselect, relational storage?  \nvmassol - (13:35): multiselect  \nvmassol - (13:35): no relational storage  \nsdumitriu - (13:35): Then there's no contains for it...  \nvmassol - (13:36): ok so I guess the best is to have enterprise=XWiki Enterprise|manager=XWiki Enterprise Manager  \nsdumitriu - (13:36): Yes  \nvmassol - (13:36): ok\u2026 let's go for it...  \nvmassol - (13:36): so 1) make the change in the class and 2) write a script to convert ?  \nsdumitriu - (13:37): Yes  \nvmassol - (13:37): ok thanks  \nvmassol - (13:47): sdumitriu: is this ok:  \nvmassol - (13:47): \u00a0\u00a0#if (\"$!bundled\" == [\"XWiki Enterprise\", \"XWiki Enterprise Manager\"])  \nvmassol - (13:47): \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0$pageDoc.set(\"bundledWith\", \u00a0[\"enterprise\", \"manager\"]  \nvmassol - (13:47): \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0$pageDoc.save(\"Fix bundledWith field\", true)  \nvmassol - (13:47): \u00a0\u00a0#end  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 13:48  \nvmassol - (13:49): yep seems to have worked  \nvmassol - (13:51): a bit of spam  \nsburjan - (13:52): nice script :)  \nvmassol - (13:55): ok just need to fix the sheet now  \nlucaa left at 14:01 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 14:01  \nvmassol - (14:05): ok http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Features converted to use xwiki syntax 2.0 and to use the extensions wiki !  \nvmassol - (14:06): :)  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 14:07  \ntmortagne1 - (14:08): vmassol: very nice :)  \nlucaa left at 14:08 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \ntmortagne1 - (14:09): vmassol: ok to delete the test comment on http://enterprise.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Features ?  \nvmassol - (14:09): yes :)  \ntmortagne1 - (14:09): ok you already did that or the one how created it in the first place  \ntmortagne1 - (14:10): s/how/who/  \nlucaa1 left at 14:12 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 14:12  \nvmassol - (14:16): ok done for manager too: http://manager.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Features  \nsburjan - (14:16): vmassol: quick question. Is there any way get some statistics from JIRA regarding only ONE XW Version (2.6). The problem is that I am interested in total issues platform-wide, not just for the XE Products.  \nsburjan - (14:17): and XE Project from JIRA  \nvmassol - (14:18): each jira project has its own version  \nvmassol - (14:18): and own release cycle  \nsburjan - (14:19): so for example I can't get a statistic regarding all the projects and their version used at building the XE (final product)  \nvmassol - (14:19): you can but it's hard  \nvmassol - (14:19): use JQL  \nvmassol - (14:20): you'll need a jira JQL generator generated from our release plans ;)  \nvmassol - (14:20): (tmortagne1)  \nvmassol - (14:20): sburjan: for ex see dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Drafts/ReleasePlanJira  \nvmassol - (14:22): sburjan: for ex:  \nvmassol - (14:22): (project = \"XWiki\" and fixVersion=\"2.6\") or (project = \"XSCOLIBRI\" and fixVersion = \"1.18\")  \nvmassol - (14:22): etc  \nMenso - (14:23): Has anyone made a sort of query builder or xwiki?  \nvmassol - (14:23): ex:  \nvmassol - (14:23): (project = \"XWiki\" and fixVersion=\"2.4 RC1\") or (project = \"XSCOLIBRI\" and fixVersion = \"1.18\") or (project = \"XTCONFRES\" and fixVersion = \"1.42\") or (project = \"XSKINX\" and fixVersion = \"1.16\")  \nvmassol - (14:24): !search query builder  \nvmassol - (14:24): hmm not working :)  \nvmassol - (14:25): Menso: maybe this: http://extensions.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Extension/HQL+Query+Tester  \nvmassol - (14:25): but it's not a builder  \nvmassol - (14:25): I remember seeing something done  \nvmassol - (14:25): but can't find it  \nvmassol - (14:25): sburjan: do you get it?  \nvmassol - (14:26): sburjan: see http://confluence.atlassian.com/display/JIRA041/Advanced+Searching?clicked=jirahelp  \nMenso - (14:26): vmassol: ah, thanks\u2026 I was looking more for something which can list all the properties of a class and the user can select a property and enter what value it should have for a couple of fields so a user can easily query the data without having to know hql  \nvenkatna left at 14:26 (Remote host closed the connection  \nvmassol - (14:26): Menso: I'm sure ludovic has something  \nvmassol - (14:26): ;)  \nMenso - (14:28): hehehe, it's amazing what he has or can create in no time vs what's on the public xwiki :-)  \nvmassol - (14:28): yeah he's not always publishing stuff he creates  \nMenso - (14:28): He also made some very slick treeview control per request which I think isn't on the wiki yet  \nvmassol - (14:28): and he creates new stuff every day ;)  \nvmassol - (14:29): Menso: have you checked our new extensions wiki btw?http://extensions.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/  \nvmassol - (14:29): do you like it?  \nlucaa left at 14:29 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nvmassol - (14:30): sburjan: that gives http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&jqlQuery=(project+%3D+%22XWiki%22+and+fixVersion%3D%222.4+RC1%22)+or+(project+%3D+%22XSCOLIBRI%22+and+fixVersion+%3D+%221.18%22)+or+(project+%3D+%22XTCONFRES%22+and+fixVersion+%3D+%221.42%22)+or+(project+%3D+%22XSKINX%22+and+fixVersion+%3D+%221.16%22)  \nsburjan - (14:30): vmassol: but first I create advanced queries, I'd need a list of all the versions of all the moduels included in the XE/XEM/Platform filter, right ?  \nvmassol - (14:30): sburjan: yes that's on xwiki.org  \nvmassol - (14:30): in the release plans  \nvmassol - (14:30): if you create those filters, would be great to share them  \nvmassol - (14:30): :)  \nvmassol - (14:31): http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/ReleasePlans  \nsburjan - (14:31): problem is the module versions get incremented by each release, right ?  \nsburjan - (14:32): so I'll have to track them on each release, to see which changed  \nvmassol - (14:32): sburjan: what module?  \nvmassol - (14:32): yes when they are released  \nvmassol - (14:32): not at each XE release  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 14:32  \nvmassol - (14:32): yes it's a lot of work  \nsburjan - (14:32): I have to create stats regarding XE (NOT the project) .. but the whole product  \nvmassol - (14:33): tmortagne1 and I would like to generate this but that requires some coding and it's not there  \nvmassol - (14:33): sburjan: that's a bad idea right now  \nvmassol - (14:33): you should consider each jira project to be separate  \nvmassol - (14:33): since they are separate  \nsburjan - (14:33): silviar: suggested I should create a statistic showing how many issues wew fixed on 2.6 for example.  \nvmassol - (14:34): it's too much work for you otherwise  \nvmassol - (14:34): 2.6 doesn't mean anything  \nsburjan - (14:34): XE 2.6 .. but not the Jira XE, but all the projects that are bundled in XE Enterprise  \nsburjan - (14:34): do you get my point ?  \nvmassol - (14:34): 2.6 doesn't mean anything for example for the blog application  \nvmassol - (14:34): of course I get your point  \nvmassol - (14:35): but you don't get mine!  \nvmassol - (14:35): :)  \nvmassol - (14:35): please read above  \nvmassol - (14:35): s/read/re-read/  \nsburjan - (14:35): I understand what you say. This was silviar 's suggestion, and I wanted to know your opinion about it  \nvmassol - (14:36): ok  \nsburjan - (14:36): looking for some KPI's :)  \nsburjan - (14:36): also, it would be utopic if we could make somehow to be able to embed jira charts in xwiki pages.  \nvmassol - (14:36): sburjan: we already dsicussed this  \nsburjan - (14:37): I wasn't even able to embed jira charts on my iGoogle.  \nvmassol - (14:37): and we already now how to do this  \nsburjan - (14:37): vmassol: I know, i have to wait for gadgets impl  \nlucaa left at 14:37 (Client Quit  \nvmassol - (14:37): s/now/know/  \nvmassol - (14:37): or find urls to images and simply reference external images  \nsburjan - (14:38): hmm.. let me investigate that  \nsburjan - (14:38): You can't even save a jira chart as an image.. you have to screenshot... maybe there is after all an image in the DOM that I can extract  \nsburjan - (14:39): any status on the release ?  \nvmassol - (14:39): sdumitriu: ?  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 14:39  \nsdumitriu - (14:39): Finishing some tests, then I'll start it  \nsburjan - (14:40): I'm not done testing yet. still have to test on IE's. So please don't release it tomorrow morning if you're able to build it today :)  \nvmassol - (14:41): sburjan: we cannot wait for you  \nvmassol - (14:41): we're already 1 week late  \nvmassol - (14:41): sdumitriu: we need to decide if we do a RC2 or not\u2026 since RC23 is supposed to be today  \nvmassol - (14:41): s/RC23/RC2/  \nvmassol - (14:41): I'd say we go to final  \nsdumitriu - (14:42): Well, I've been waiting for the release to become as stable as possible  \nsdumitriu - (14:42): So I don't think we need another RC  \nsdumitriu - (14:42): I'll just do the final next week  \nvmassol - (14:43): k  \nsburjan - (14:43): great :)  \nsburjan - (14:43): so I still have time to test until final  \nvmassol - (14:43): I'd suggest you send a mail though to warn everyone about the change of plan  \nvmassol - (14:43): sburjan: it's very late already  \nsburjan - (14:43): vmassol: I know, but in order to be effective, I prefer testing a release that is much close as possible to the final  \nvmassol - (14:44): sburjan: that deosn't help us  \nsburjan - (14:44): because If I test a late snapshot, i say it's ok and someone makes a commit that breaks something, i won't be able to catch it in time  \nvmassol - (14:44): you might as well test after it's released  \nvmassol - (14:44): it depends what your goal is  \nsburjan - (14:44): you mean after the soft release  \nvmassol - (14:44): whatever you test is useful  \nvmassol - (14:44): but  \nvmassol - (14:45): there are several strategies  \nvmassol - (14:45): use your inputs for the next release  \nvmassol - (14:45): use your inputs for the current version in developmen  \nsburjan - (14:45): IMo we have decided that before announcing the release, an email is send so everybody willing can test. But if you say we are in a hurry, I guess that step will be removed  \nvmassol - (14:45): for the latter we need it before the release happens because we need time to fix stuff  \nvmassol - (14:46): so the earlier you test the better it is for devs  \nsburjan - (14:46): I'm just trying to find the best period of the release cycle to test  \nvmassol - (14:46): you have several tyoes of tests IMO  \nvmassol - (14:47): when a new feature is added for ex is a good time to test that feature  \nlucaa left at 14:47 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 14:47  \nvmassol - (14:47): then you have smoke tests or sanity checks  \nvmassol - (14:47): etc  \nvmassol - (14:48): I could help you  \nvmassol - (14:48): but I'd need to see first what tests you're doing  \nvmassol - (14:48): ie the test plan  \nvmassol - (14:49): (each major release need a test plan)  \nsburjan - (14:49): yes, I will do that.. but it will take some time.. I hope I can start it after the release. I have to study all those pages from drafts, create a merge, and the present it for feedback  \nvmassol - (14:49): (which can be built from a generic test plan and instantiated for a given release with specifics for that release)  \nvmassol - (14:49): well if you're testing it means you already have a test plan :)  \nvmassol - (14:49): because I guess you don't test at randome  \nsburjan - (14:49): yes. Like we have for release process (each built module is checked in the list), etc  \nvmassol - (14:50): and even if you do it's alreayd a test plan  \nvmassol - (14:50): ;)  \nsburjan - (14:50): well not quite random :)  \nvmassol - (14:50): (not an optimal one though)  \njstoldt - (14:50): small question about the colibri skin, i notice this since XE 2.5; the edit buttons for each section look a little funny. it's like this: http://img716.imageshack.us/img716/9772/editj.png  \njstoldt - (14:50): is this by design?  \nvmassol - (14:51): jstoldt: what is the Be?  \njstoldt - (14:51): it should be \"Bearbeiten\"  \njstoldt - (14:51): in german  \njstoldt - (14:51): which is \"edit\"  \njstoldt - (14:51): but it does not show correctly for sections here  \njstoldt - (14:53): at least not on Opera 10.63 and IE 7  \nsburjan - (14:54): sdumitriu: did we fixed the Activity Stream regarding deleted pages version errors in console ?  \nsdumitriu - (14:54): sabageru: Did we?  \njstoldt - (14:55): i'll be gone for a while  \ntmortagne1 left at 14:56 (Quit: Leaving.  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 14:56  \nsdumitriu - (14:57): sburjan: Was there an issue for it?  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 14:58  \nsabageru - (14:58): sdumitriu: i have found a solution but vmassol was not too happy about it. It consisted of adding one more function to xwiki namely exists(document, version). it would have added a new query in AS in order to remove the ugly exception from the console...so it was possible to have an issue with perfs  \nlucaa left at 14:58 (Quit: Leaving.  \nrstavro joined #xwiki at 14:58  \nsburjan - (14:58): sdumitriu: not that I know of. i didn't created one because I saw you knew already about the issue so figured it's already reported  \nvmassol - (14:59): sabageru: I wanted to ask you what was the outcome of your perf exploration of the AS  \nvmassol - (14:59): have you been able to trace all queries it does, analyze them to see what takes time?  \nvmassol - (14:59): we really need to fix that perf issue for 2.7 final  \nvmassol - (14:59): IMO  \nsabageru - (14:59): vmassol: i managed to remove some queries, namely to make an improvement of about 30% in the bumber of queries made  \nsabageru - (14:59): number  \nvmassol - (15:00): sabageru: there wasn't one that took most of the time when there are lots of events for a given doc for ex?  \nsabageru - (15:00): not that i know of  \nsabageru - (15:01): . i was about to create an issue on JIRA and post my modifications on the macro.  \nsburjan - (15:03): vmassol: wdyt about including a full workflow of steps for manual testing ? Like login->add space -> add page -> test wysiwyg -> test comments ->test annotations -> etc  \nsburjan - (15:03): like some standard steps to follow in testing  \nvmassol - (15:04): sburjan: I haven't read the existing test plan  \nsburjan - (15:04): me neither .. yet ..  \nvmassol - (15:04): I'm sure there's this kind of things in it though  \nvmassol - (15:04): I think you should start by that  \nvmassol - (15:05): there's a lot in there already  \nsburjan - (15:05): yes, I imagine. ATM I am testing 2.7 snapshot  \nsabageru - (15:13): back to AS... http://jira.xwiki.org/jira/browse/XE-780  \nsabageru - (15:15): and vmassol: i do not know what is the issue you were talking about above with a lot of problems when there is a doc with a lot of events .  \nvmassol - (15:16): sabageru: I don't know either but all I know is that the AS on xwiki.org is very slow  \nvmassol - (15:16): then sergiu and jerome removed evetns from the DB  \nvmassol - (15:16): and I think it got slightly better  \nvmassol - (15:16): but it's still really slow  \nvmassol - (15:17): sabageru: you mention 30% of queries removed, what impact does it have on perfs?  \nvmassol - (15:17): sabageru: you should create yourself a local version with lots of events  \nsabageru - (15:17): it makes the time to go from about 2.60 seconds to 1.6 seconds on my local instance  \nvmassol - (15:18): jerome did that and his wiki was crawling  \nvmassol - (15:18): (he probably has a script for generating them)  \nvmassol - (15:19): sabageru: http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Activity takes about 15 seconds to display when other standard pages take between 1-2 sec  \nvmassol - (15:20): so even if we reduce by 2 the times it takes it's still too much  \nsabageru - (15:20): i understand ...  \nsabageru - (15:21): i will do that (lots of events) and see what can be done. in due time for 2.7 of course  \nvmassol - (15:21): what's funnny (not so funny actually ))  \nvmassol - (15:21): is that the AS was done to solve performances issues  \nvmassol - (15:21): :)  \nsabageru - (15:21): it is not funny, it is ironic :P  \nvmassol - (15:21): indeed  \nvmassol - (15:22): thanks for your help btw sabageru! :)  \nvmassol - (15:22): it's cool that someone is looking into this  \nsabageru - (15:22): welcome..hope i can get a hold of it in a nice timeframe :)  \nsabageru - (15:22): going to create some events now ;))  \nvmassol - (15:23): hehe  \nMenso - (15:26): I think the Last Members panel in 2.5 is expecting host.com/xwiki/bin/view/XWiki/XWikiUsers to show a list of members when you click on 'view all' but it's not  \nMenso - (15:26): any idea on how to fix this?  \nvmassol - (15:28): it should point to the new user directory imo  \nvmassol - (15:28): Menso: you could create a jira issue and attach a patch to it :)  \nMenso - (15:29): vmassol: I could yes, if I know how the fuck to solve it :D  \nvmassol - (15:29): \"it should point to the new user directory imo\"  \nvmassol - (15:29): don't you tink it's a good idea?  \nMenso - (15:30): Is there a user directory in 2.5?  \nMenso - (15:31): ah, http://localhost:8080/xwiki/bin/view/Main/UserDirectory ?  \nlucaa1 left at 15:31 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 15:31  \nvmassol - (15:32): Menso: XE-432  \nMenso - (15:32): ah,e xcellent  \nvmassol - (15:32): Menso: yes that's the link  \nMenso - (15:33): err, how do the \\*.patch files work?  \nvmassol - (15:33): Menso: http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/WebHome  \nvmassol - (15:33): these are the rules for xwiki dev  \nvmassol - (15:33): you can find information about patches here: http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/Contributing  \ntmortagne - (15:33): sdumitriu: just reopened XWIKI-4726  \ntmortagne - (15:35): the code added can olny work with 2.0 syntax  \ntmortagne - (15:35): and 2.1 now  \nsdumitriu - (15:35): Right  \ntmortagne - (15:35): it will break with any other  \nsdumitriu - (15:35): Will you fix it, or do you want sabageru to look at it?  \ntmortagne - (15:36): without speaking about 1.0 syntax it would be nicer to check if the syntax has a renderer before trying to refactor  \ntmortagne - (15:36): sdumitriu: i would say since the patch is from sabageru it's probably better if he look at it  \ntmortagne - (15:36): WDYT ?  \ntmortagne - (15:36): (i can look if he does not have time and we have in a hurry)  \nMenso - (15:36): thanks vmassol, looks like it's patched already though?  \nvmassol - (15:37): Menso: is it?  \nMenso - (15:38): I have the user directory on my 2.5.32  \nvmassol - (15:38): it's not  \nsabageru - (15:38): tmortagne, please you look at it. I am in the middle of AS and it is taking me a lot of time :(  \nvmassol - (15:38): the recent members page still point ot the same url  \nMenso - (15:38): yeah, that I can fix  \ntmortagne - (15:40): sabageru: ok, i will maybe have some questions  \nsabageru - (15:40): sure  \ntmortagne - (15:40): it would have been nice to have a unit test with it ;)  \nvmassol - (15:41): Menso: it's cool that you start contributing. This is an easy one to get started ;)  \nsabageru - (15:45): tmortagne: I used the code given by Caleb to test. in a wiki page..probably not the best idea...  \ntmortagne - (15:46): sabageru: i'm sure you tested, would would have been good is a unit test so that i just duplicate it with a 1.0 document to make it fail, no need to start a whole xwiki instance for that  \ntmortagne - (15:47): s/would would/what would/  \nvmassol - (15:53): tmortagne: at some point I'd like to move the rename feature in xwiki-refactoring  \ntmortagne - (15:54): vmassol: i agree, for example when implementing rename on new model  \nvmassol - (15:54): never really looked at what is inside xwiki-refactoring  \nvmassol - (15:55): just seen we have a WikiDocument which doesn't look right  \ntmortagne - (15:55): i don't know it very well either  \ntmortagne - (15:55): but it's a component and i doubt it has a dependency on core  \nvmassol - (15:55): WikiDocument is a class in that module  \nvmassol - (15:56): (not XWikiDocument)  \ntmortagne - (15:56): yes i understand but rename need a lots of things  \ntmortagne - (15:56): i don't see the point on reproducing the complete XWikiDocument as WikiDocument  \nvmassol - (15:56): right  \nvmassol - (15:57): just had a quick look and I think the design can be improved\u2026. ;)  \ntmortagne - (15:57): :)  \nMenso - (15:58): Is there any documentation on adding pages programmatically using a specific class (as in, all new pages should be of class foobar?)  \nvmassol - (16:01): fwiw, guice 3.0RC1 is released: http://code.google.com/p/google-guice/wiki/Guice30  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 16:05  \nsdumitriu - (16:07): Menso: Do you mean that all new documents should have an object of class \"X\" attached to them?  \nsdumitriu - (16:07): You can do that using the observation module  \nsdumitriu - (16:07): There's a tutorial about the observation module somewhere  \nsdumitriu - (16:09): OK, 95.7% test coverage, stopping now  \nvmassol - (16:09): sdumitriu: passing tests you mean?  \nsdumitriu - (16:10): Yes, on the core-xml refactoring, that is  \nvmassol - (16:10): ah so indeed test coverage  \nvmassol - (16:10): thought you were reviewing func tests  \nsburjan - (16:11): we have 95% coverage on xwiki core ?  \nsburjan - (16:11): or only one module (core-xml)  \nvmassol - (16:11): \"Yes, on the core-xml refactoring, that is\"  \nvmassol - (16:11): sburjan: you'll know it if one day we have 95% on core/  \nvmassol - (16:11): :)  \nsburjan - (16:12): okay :)  \nvmassol - (16:12): will take about 3-6 moer years minimum  \nsburjan - (16:12): why are you so pessimistic ?  \nvmassol - (16:12): realistic?  \nvmassol - (16:13): that's the time required to remove core/xwiki-core  \nsburjan - (16:13): :(  \nsburjan - (16:13): didn't though it would take that long  \ntmortagne - (16:13): we will when xwiki-core will not exist anymore ;)  \nvmassol - (16:14): yep in 3-6 years  \nsburjan - (16:14): I guess this is a back-compat issue too, right ?  \nvmassol - (16:14): sburjan: not really  \nvmassol - (16:14): it's just work lostly  \nvmassol - (16:15): mostly  \nsburjan - (16:17): ultra quick question : If I copy a page to another space, is it normal that the copied page lists in the breadcrumb the old space ? (note that the URL is in the new space)  \nsburjan - (16:18): not very consistent IMO  \nsdumitriu - (16:20): Yes, it's normal  \nMenso - (16:23): sdumitriu: I mean I want to create 400 pages that should all be of class X through a script  \nsdumitriu - (16:24): Menso: That is much simpler  \nsdumitriu - (16:26): These snippets can help you:  \nsdumitriu - (16:26): http://extensions.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Extension/Setting%20Rights  \nsdumitriu - (16:26): http://extensions.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Extension/Create+200+Dummy+Users  \nsburjan - (16:28): http://incubator.myxwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Test/27snapshots Is this auto-suggest list good ?  \nsburjan - (16:29): why do I get listed the same page multiple times ?  \nMenso - (16:32): ah, excellent, thanks sdumitriu  \nsdumitriu - (16:33): sburjan: It's \"good\" meaning that it suggests valid thins: translations of the Main.WebHome document  \nsdumitriu - (16:33): It's bad because it shouldn't list translations  \nsburjan - (16:34): I see. Iguess this already has or doesnt deserver a JIRA issue  \nsburjan - (16:37): the AS doc page version is REALLY annoying  \nvmassol - (16:38): sburjan: not it's not good but it's \"normal\"  \nvmassol - (16:38): it's because of the translations  \nvmassol - (16:38): we need to fix this  \nvmassol - (16:38): you can create a jira issue  \nsburjan - (16:38): ok. vmassol executing  \nvmassol - (16:38): (oh sdumitriu already replied)  \nsburjan - (16:38): yes, but not about the JIRA issue :)  \nvmassol - (16:39): we have this problem in lots of places  \nvmassol - (16:39): doc information panel for ex  \nsburjan - (16:39): is there any particular module to report ? (what JIRA project) ?  \nvmassol - (16:39): what's worse is that we don't even display the language  \nvmassol - (16:39): core  \nsburjan - (16:39): ouch  \nvmassol - (16:40): well you better get used to it since 90% of issues go there  \nvmassol - (16:40): :)  \nvmassol - (16:42): sdumitriu: + \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0public Document getDomDocument() I don't like too much get() for create actions...  \njstoldt - (16:43): see you tomorrow  \nsdumitriu - (16:43): OK, how would you name it?  \njstoldt left at 16:43 (Quit: Page closed  \nvmassol - (16:43): createDOM()?  \nvmassol - (16:44): createDOMDocument()  \nsdumitriu - (16:44): K  \nsdumitriu - (16:44): DOM or Dom  \nsdumitriu - (16:44): ?  \nvmassol - (16:45): personally I like DOM  \nvmassol - (16:45): I think it's hte JDK rule  \nvmassol - (16:45): they used to use Url  \nvmassol - (16:45): and have swtiched to URL  \nvmassol - (16:45): I have no idea if they're consistent (prolly not)  \nvmassol - (16:45): in our code  \nvmassol - (16:45): I've used uppercase in most places  \nvmassol - (16:45): most if not all  \nvmassol - (16:46): (in java that is)  \nsburjan - (16:46): XWIKI-5791  \nvmassol - (16:46): BTW  \nvmassol - (16:46): do we need a script service for transform create DOM and the like?  \nsburjan - (16:46): I have to go now.  \nsburjan - (16:47): See you tomorrow. Bye guys  \nvmassol - (16:47): I'd say yes for velocity but I'm ffar from sure for true languages  \nvmassol - (16:47): like grovy, ruby, pythin  \nvmassol - (16:47): pythin  \nvmassol - (16:47): python  \nsburjan left at 16:48 (Quit: Ex-Chat  \nvmassol - (16:49): it's probably ok\u2026. just that we haven't really discussed this new api so I hope we won't have to deprecate it in not long\u2026.  \nvmassol - (16:49): (always a pain\u00e0  \nvmassol - (16:49): s/\u00e0/)  \ntmortagne - (16:51): vmassol, sdumitriu: i don't add support for 1.0 syntax but just make sure it does not break the rename, ok with you ?  \ntmortagne - (16:52): would be more correct to say i'm making sure it does not break for any syntax than does not provide a renderer  \nsdumitriu - (16:52): OK for me  \nsdumitriu - (16:52): 1.0 is deprecated anyway  \ntmortagne - (16:52): yep  \nsdumitriu - (16:52): As a general rule, I'd be OK if no new code for improving 1.0 is written  \nvmassol - (16:52): tmortagne: ok for me too  \ntmortagne - (16:52): same for me  \nsdumitriu - (16:53): Like, we make sure not to break it, but we're not going to improve it  \nsdumitriu - (16:53): vmassol: WDYT?  \nvmassol - (16:53): (althouhg it's a bit of pain even for us when working on xwiki.org which still has lots of pages in 1.0 syntax ;))  \nvmassol - (16:53): sdumitriu: re 1.0, sure  \nvmassol - (16:54): (having spent 1 week on xwiki.org I can tell you we're missing stuff to make it easy to perform refactorings)  \nabusenius left at 17:08 (Ping timeout: 260 seconds  \nmflorea left at 17:13 (\\*.net \\*.split  \nsabageru left at 17:13 (\\*.net \\*.split  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 17:17  \nsabageru joined #xwiki at 17:17  \nEnygma` left at 17:21 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nvmassol - (17:27): tmortagne: I think it was nicer to have the deps listed in the release notes as in http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesXWikiEnterprise22M2 (they are now outside in the ReleasePlan doc without any link)  \nvmassol - (17:28): wdyt?  \ntmortagne - (17:31): vmassol: yes if we have something to automate it  \nvmassol - (17:32): even if we don't IMO, it's just a question of where to place it  \ntmortagne - (17:32): well we don't really have it anywhere right now  \nvmassol - (17:32): in the RP  \ntmortagne - (17:32): it's not the same thing  \ntmortagne - (17:32): RP is not the dependencies  \ntmortagne - (17:32): it's the things to release  \nsilviar left at 17:33 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvmassol - (17:35): tmortagne: sure one is a subset of the other but still\u2026 anyway let's work on automating it....  \ntmortagne - (17:39): which is pretty easy actually usiong extension manager API  \nvmassol - (17:39): btw noticed that copy across wikis doesn't work in the UI  \ntmortagne - (17:40): not sure it's supposed to  \ntmortagne - (17:41): (but if not the UI should be improved)  \nvmassol - (17:41): it just says it worked  \nvmassol - (17:41): but it ignores the wiki part right now  \nvmassol - (17:42): interesting:  \nvmassol - (17:42): \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0#set($sourcewiki = $xcontext.database)  \nvmassol - (17:42): \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0#set($targetwiki = $xcontext.database)  \nvmassol - (17:42): :)  \nvmassol - (17:43): so indeed it's not supporting multi wiki  \nvmassol - (17:43): adding a jira  \nsabageru left at 17:43 (Quit: Leaving.  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 17:57  \nrstavro left #xwiki at 18:01  \nvmassol1 joined #xwiki at 18:48  \nvmassol left at 18:50 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nlucaa left at 18:52 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \ntmortagne - (18:55): vmassol1: http://playground.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Tools/Dependencies?extensionversion=2.6&actionresolve=Resolve  \nmflorea left at 18:56 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvmassol1 - (18:57): tmortagne: nice start :)  \ntmortagne - (19:07): no duplicate and quicker now  \ntmortagne - (19:08): most of the velocity code is taken by the separation between plugins/applications/skins  \nvmassol1 - (19:30): yep we might need some <packaging> data or some extra custom properites for handling the type (if we think it's important)  \ntmortagne left at 19:32 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nsdumitriu left at 19:33 (Ping timeout: 272 seconds  \narkub left at 19:34 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 19:47  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 19:48  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 20:05  \nlucaa left at 20:05 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nlucaa1 left at 20:06 (Client Quit  \nvmassol1 left at 20:08 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 20:08  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 20:39  \nlucaa1 left at 20:47 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 20:48  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 20:53  \nlucaa left at 20:53 (Read error: No route to host  \nlucaa1 left at 21:06 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 21:07  \nsdumitriu left at 21:34 (Ping timeout: 264 seconds  \nlucaa left at 21:51 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 21:53  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 21:54  \nsburjan` left at 22:04 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 22:13  \nlucaa1 left at 22:22 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 22:23  \nlucaa1 left at 22:28 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nsdumitriu left at 22:35 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 22:38  \nvmassol left at 22:49 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 22:52  \nmflorea left at 23:15 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa left at 23:25 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 23:29  \nlucaa1 left at 23:34 (Ping timeout: 260 seconds  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 23:34  \nlucaa1 left at 23:45 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa1 joined #xwiki at 23:50  \n\n"}