{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20141110", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20141110", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki on 10 November 2014 - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\n<OSIMasson>\u00a0has quit  \n04:59\u00a0<OSIMasson>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n05:07\u00a0<OSIMasson>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n06:02\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has quit  \n06:03\u00a0<Denis>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n06:56\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:14\u00a0<msmeria>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n07:29\u00a0<xwikibot>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:01\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0has quit  \n08:02\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:33\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:36\u00a0<KermitTheFragger>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:44\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n08:59\u00a0<Lyes>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:00\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:31\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:31\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0good morning  \n09:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so when is the 6.3 final release planned? It was supposed to be today but maybe we still have important issues to fix for 6.3?  \n09:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0checking jira  \n09:42\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a03 issues planned for 6.3 final apparently: http://jira.xwiki.org/issues/?filter=13303&jql=category%20in%20(%22Top%20Level%20Projects%22)%20AND%20fixVersion%20in%20(%226.3-milestone-1%22%2C%20%226.3-milestone-2%22%2C%20%226.3-rc-1%22%2C%20%226.3%22)%20AND%20resolution%20in%20(Unresolved)  \n09:42\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0but there may be others that we haven't scheduled  \n09:43\u00a0<ClemensR>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0just checked latest jira issues created \u00a0(till 30/9) and couldn't find any blocker issue  \n09:46\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gdelhumeau: I think you're the RM for 6.3  \n09:47\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0:)  \n09:47\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0don't know if you knew it  \n09:47\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/preview/Community/ReleaseManagerRoster  \n09:47\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0bad url  \n09:47\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/ReleaseManagerRoster  \n09:47\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0that might be a problem  \n09:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok I'll try to do it but I may need some help  \n09:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0switching 6.2.4 with you  \n09:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok?  \n09:48\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0I mean, if I do it this morning, ok  \n09:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok first  \n09:48\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0but if I have t o wait for people to close their issues  \n09:48\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0let's agree what's to be done for 6.3 final  \n09:49\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0I can do 6.2.4 this morning if you want  \n09:49\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0first platform is failing, checking why  \n09:49\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0let's figure out what we need to do for 6.3 and we'll decide  \n09:50\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0mflorea: since you last released 6.3RC1, anything that comes to you mind that needs fixed in 6.3 final and that would prevent releasing now?  \n09:50\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0except http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-11424  \n09:50\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0do you know when you'll have this one done mflorea?  \n09:50\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0in a few minutes  \n09:50\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok cool  \n09:50\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0for http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-11419 I'm not sure it's a blocker for 6.3 final  \n09:50\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0otherwise, \u00a0I don't know any other blocker  \n09:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and for http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-10446 we keep pushing it\u2026 so I guess 6.4 is good for it too  \n09:51\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: anything you wish to commit for 6.3?  \n09:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gdelhumeau: could you fix this this morning http://ci.xwiki.org/job/xwiki-platform/org.xwiki.platform$xwiki-platform-flamingo-test-tests/382/testReport/junit/org.xwiki.flamingo.test.ui/FlamingoThemeTest/createNewTheme/  \n09:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0thanks  \n09:52\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0oh again  \n09:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0this is bad and break the platform build  \n09:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and thus possibly the enteprise and func tests  \n09:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0you can check http://ci.xwiki.org/job/xwiki-platform/  \n09:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0been failing all the time  \n09:52\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(never passed)  \n09:52\u00a0<AFKGeek>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n09:52\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0It's a kind of flicker that I don't know how to fix  \n09:53\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0yeah not really a flicker  \n09:53\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0mais it works locally at least  \n09:53\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0\\*but  \n09:53\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0looking at it  \n09:53\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0hmm other failures too: http://ci.xwiki.org/job/xwiki-platform/383/#showFailuresLink  \n09:53\u00a0<Lyes>\u00a0has quit  \n09:54\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol, gdelhumeau: nothing planned for 6.3 on my side  \n09:54\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0checking FAQ func test locally now  \n09:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gdelhumeau: hmm re your last commit  \n09:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0DBTree is already using the new tree?  \n09:55\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0not in 6.2.x  \n09:55\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0aah  \n09:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0on master  \n09:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(6.3)  \n09:55\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0let me check  \n09:55\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0AFAIK it's planned for 6.4  \n09:56\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0ok, so I can move it in master too  \n09:57\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0vmassol: yes, 6.4  \n09:59\u00a0<Lyes>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok FAQ test fails locally too, debugging  \n10:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok the problem gdelhumeau is that there's $icon displayed  \n10:09\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gdelhumeau: see https://www.evernote.com/shard/s119/sh/c9d64cba-4aa1-4185-9000-e12e4ec738e4/b1eb68a5fdca9e885f03c8a76876190c  \n10:10\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0ok, I'm looking  \n10:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0actually no  \n10:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0it's not the problem  \n10:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0it's not nice but it's not the problem  \n10:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(this $icon is a different problem)  \n10:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(some dep problem probably)  \n10:10\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0continuing debugging  \n10:12\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0the real error is more interesting  \n10:13\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0could be caused by edy's commit of last week related to LT  \n10:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and wrong HQL query is generated!  \n10:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Query statement = [, BaseObject as obj \u00a0\u00a0where obj.name=doc.fullName and obj.className = ? and doc.fullName not in (?, ?) \u00a0\u00a0and doc.fullName<>'FAQCode.FAQTemplate' and doc.space='FAQ' \u00a0order by lower(doc.creationDate) desc, doc.creationDate desc]  \n10:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I believe lower(doc.creationDate) is plain wrong...  \n10:14\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and generates Caused by: java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: incompatible data type in operation  \n10:15\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok must be caused by https://github.com/xwiki/xwiki-platform/commit/e329162d289c7c3605bcd5067dc833a916ebefa9  \n10:17\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok so for 6.3 final, we're all good once mflorea has committed his fix  \n10:18\u00a0<AFKGeek>\u00a0has quit  \n10:19\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0tmortagne: wdyt about moving http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-11419 to 6.4?  \n10:20\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0vmassol: so you think this is not a regression ?  \n10:20\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I don't know  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I think it is  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gdelhumeau: why do you think it's not a regression?  \n10:21\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gdelhumeau: could you fix it this morning quickly?  \n10:21\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0It's a change, not necessary a regression  \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0it's a regression  \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0according to our syntax  \n10:22\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/XWikiSyntax#HVerbatim  \n10:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\"Allow to enter content that will not be formatted (in other words the XWiki Syntax will not be taken into account).\"  \n10:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0this is not the case anymore  \n10:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0it also does styling  \n10:23\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0which is not its job to do  \n10:23\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0I'll loot at what bootstrap does and if we can remove it  \n10:24\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0either we fix XRENDERING-168 or we fix XWIKI-11419 but we can't keep it like this  \n10:25\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0http://www.theregister.co.uk/2014/11/10/cisco\\_security\\_bods\\_hunt\\_pidgin/ \u00a0\u00a0:)  \n10:35\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0vmassol: done on my side  \n10:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0mflorea: ok so let's wait for the next build and I'll start the release  \n10:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0well  \n10:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0no  \n10:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we need gdelhumeau's fix first ;)  \n10:37\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0there is a problem of icons in the FAQ test  \n10:38\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0the rendered HTML is <img alt=\"Icon\" icon=\"icon\" icons=\"icons\" png=\"png\" silk=\"silk\" src=\"$xwiki.getSkinFile(\">  \n10:38\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0which does not have any sense  \n10:39\u00a0<DarkKnightCZ>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:41\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0actually the velocity engines does not rendere anything  \n10:41\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0maybe we miss a dependency?  \n10:42\u00a0<AFKGeek>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:47\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0new blocker http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-11426  \n10:47\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0need functionnal tests there too  \n10:55\u00a0<evalica>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n10:56\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:34\u00a0<xwikibot>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:34\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0are you sure the FAQ app uses icons?  \n11:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I mean no icon but icon rendering  \n11:35\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0You are right  \n11:35\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0it's the panel application which is using icons  \n11:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0exzctly  \n11:35\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0my bad  \n11:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\\*exactly  \n11:35\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0what about the -default used in -tests?  \n11:36\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0since we need an implementation of icon-api?  \n11:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0we need to decide where this goes  \n11:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0could go in packager plugin  \n11:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0could go elsewhere  \n11:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0actually  \n11:36\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0I discussed this with tmortagne last week  \n11:37\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0and I add such a dep in the ui module for another module  \n11:37\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0let me find my commit again to see if it's similar  \n11:37\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n11:37\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n11:38\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0yep here: https://github.com/xwiki/xwiki-platform/commit/c800a13c93659cf7c8cc967d703e43823845a9f5  \n11:39\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so if the app panel ui depends on icon-ui then it should work  \n11:39\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(gdelhumeau)  \n11:40\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0vmassol: hum: you enforce the use of the default implementation in the icon-ui application  \n11:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0is icon-ui is required for app panel  \n11:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0?  \n11:40\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0So a user cannot write its own implem?  \n11:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0a user can write his own impl of any component  \n11:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0that's not a problem  \n11:40\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0he can even exclude and package his own stuff at the maven levle  \n11:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0actually in this case I don't even know why we have separated default and -api  \n11:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(since there's only 1 impl)  \n11:41\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0I had this discussion with tmortagne  \n11:41\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0whi reached the same conclusion as you :)  \n11:42\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0I have done this separation by habits  \n11:42\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0like I have done for LESS or Wiki  \n11:42\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0so it is probably not a good reason  \n12:01\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n12:02\u00a0<msmeria1>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:05\u00a0<msmeria>\u00a0has quit  \n12:11\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n12:22\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n13:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0guys  \n13:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so no more issues for 6.3 final?  \n13:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0gdelhumeau?  \n13:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ah the cookietool  \n13:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0is not fixed I see  \n13:05\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0missing fixfor  \n13:06\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ok just seen marius's last comment  \n13:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so right now we should remove this tool altogether I agree  \n13:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(mflorea, Enygma`)  \n13:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0ie rollback all commits related to it  \n13:07\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0I'm fine with that  \n13:07\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0till we find a solution  \n13:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0mflorea: can you do that?  \n13:08\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0I don't know is someone is using this tool, but considering that is wasn't loaded by default I guess no none  \n13:08\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0I am not up to date on the topic  \n13:08\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Enygma`: see http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XCOMMONS-683#  \n13:13\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0vmassol: I talked with Enygma`, I'll rollback the commits and reopen XCOMMONS-627  \n13:13\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0because it wasn't fixed  \n13:13\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0mflorea: ok thanks  \n13:14\u00a0<AFKGeek>\u00a0has quit  \n13:15\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0vmassol: yeah, the solution is https://github.com/xwiki/xwiki-commons/compare/master...velocity-tools-refactoring which properly handles tools and tool scopes instead of the way we roughly handle it  \n13:15\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0I most likely did my testing on the branch, but in the end just added the cookie tool, which was not in a good state without the branch  \n13:15\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0we`d probably need to look into that more at some point  \n13:16\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0but it`s probably not a priority right now  \n13:16\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0thanks for catching it mflorea  \n13:16\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0np ;)  \n13:18\u00a0<DarkKnightCZ>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n13:25\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Enygma`: ok  \n13:25\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has quit  \n13:27\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n13:41\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0guys I'm going to start the 6.2.4 release now and I propose that we do the 6.3 just after (possibly tomorrow or Wednesday since tomorrow is bank holidays in France)  \n13:43\u00a0<gdelhumeau>\u00a0has quit  \n14:00\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n14:57\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:25\u00a0<msmeria1>\u00a0has quit  \n15:28\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0Enygma`: I guess you've seen that I reopened http://jira.xwiki.org/browse/XWIKI-8691 ?  \n15:28\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0y'oure probably on it now I guess  \n15:29\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0it's important to fix or roll it back since it breaks the build  \n15:30\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0personally I'm still having a hard time with the way we have fixed it  \n15:31\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0so I'd be in favor of rolling-it back or at least having some conf/code to enable to activate it  \n15:31\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(but not by default since by default it's for sure going to be slower and we want to increase speed, not reduce it)  \n15:31\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(and thomas is working hard on improving speed and going backward is a no go for me)  \n15:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(and we must all partifipate of course, it's our collective duty to improve perfs)  \n15:35\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0\\*participate  \n15:41\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has quit  \n15:42\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:45\u00a0<AFKGeek>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n15:51\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0vmassol: looking  \n15:58\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0watch out for lots of jenkins emails...  \n15:59\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0(false positives...)  \n16:01\u00a0<ClemensR>\u00a0has quit  \n16:09\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has quit  \n16:12\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:13\u00a0<momomomomo\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:17\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has quit  \n16:17\u00a0<momomomomo\\_>\u00a0is now known as <momomomomo>  \n16:47\u00a0<momomomomo\\_>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n16:48\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has quit  \n16:51\u00a0<AFKGeek>\u00a0has quit  \n16:54\u00a0<Lyes>\u00a0has quit  \n16:59\u00a0<xwikibot>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:24\u00a0<xwikibot>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n17:41\u00a0<mflorea>\u00a0has quit  \n17:43\u00a0<KermitTheFragger>\u00a0has quit  \n17:46\u00a0<lucaa>\u00a0has quit  \n17:50\u00a0<woshilapin>\u00a0has quit  \n17:51\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0has quit  \n18:04\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has quit  \n18:04\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n18:09\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0tmortagne: Hi  \n18:10\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Question about the local extension repository (for core extensions)  \n18:10\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0sdumitriu: Hi  \n18:10\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0core extension are not in the local extension repository  \n18:10\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0core extensions are what is in the classloader at startup  \n18:10\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Used the wrong word  \n18:11\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0ok  \n18:11\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0\"local\" as in \"on the local computer  \n18:11\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Is it normal that when fetching files, it uses repositories listed inside poms?  \n18:11\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0so local extensions in EM vocabulatry :)  \n18:11\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0\\*vocabulary  \n18:12\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Since a client has strict firewall rules, everything should go through a specific Nexus repository  \n18:12\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Yet it seems that at some point it tries to download files from repository.jboss.org  \n18:12\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0you mean that it search in repository listed in the pom.xml when downloading the jar file for example ?  \n18:12\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Yes  \n18:12\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0hmm  \n18:12\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0sounds weird indeed  \n18:13\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0note that this is done by Aether, I would have to debug that  \n18:13\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I tried to debug this, and the code seems to only use the repositories listed in xwiki.properties  \n18:13\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Don't know when/how it gets to use anything else  \n18:13\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0maybe Aether is adding the ones from the pom at some point  \n18:14\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0XWiki itself is indeed not looking at the repositories from the pom itself for sure  \n18:14\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0could you create a jira issue for this ? I can probably debug that on Wednesday  \n18:15\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Sure, thanks  \n18:16\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0maybe tomorrow if I can hide somewhere but I doubt it :)  \n18:16\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0:)  \n18:17\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Another quick question, didn't have time to test it: does the local repository get repopulated after every server restart, or only once?  \n18:18\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0Asking since it uses tempdirectory instead of the permanent one  \n18:18\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0And if yes, is there a reason for that?  \n18:20\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0the local repository is also the actual extension index, if actually you loose it you loose every informations about the extension you installed  \n18:20\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0s/if actually you loose it you loose/if you loose if you actually loose/  \n18:21\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0so no it won't be automatically repopulated (since XWiki would not know what to download)  \n18:21\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0I see two directories: permdir/extension/repository and tempdir/xwiki-temp/aether-repository  \n18:22\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0tempdir/xwiki-temp/aether-repository is just where aether download its stuff and it does not exist anymore (since 6.1)  \n18:22\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0this one is really a temporary one  \n18:22\u00a0<sdumitriu>\u00a0OK  \n18:56\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has quit  \n18:57\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n19:15\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has quit  \n19:32\u00a0<Enygma`>\u00a0has quit  \n19:48\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:02\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0has joined #xwiki  \n20:03\u00a0<cjd>\u00a0has left #xwiki  \n20:24\u00a0<tmortagne>\u00a0has quit  \n20:25\u00a0<momomomomo>\u00a0has quit  \n21:13\u00a0<vmassol>\u00a0has quit\n"}