{"id": "dev:IRC.xwikiArchive20101028", "url": "https://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/IRC/xwikiArchive20101028", "title": "IRC Archive for channel #xwiki - XWiki", "collection": "Eval-Large", "mimetype": "text/markdown", "language": "en", "content": "\nsdumitriu - (00:00): lucaa: There are two kinds of document saves  \nsdumitriu - (00:00): Normally, when you add/remove an annotation from the UI, there's a document \"update\" event and a \"addAnnotation\" event  \nsdumitriu - (00:00): This is normal  \nsdumitriu - (00:01): Then, when saving a document that has annotations, there's an extra \"update\" event, which is a bit ugly  \nlucaa - (00:01): yes, I understand, but I don;t know how to fix it  \nlucaa - (00:01): except with prenotifications  \nlucaa - (00:01): and even then, I need a bit of refactor in the annotations  \nsdumitriu - (00:01): Use xcontext  \nsdumitriu - (00:02): (hack, hack, hack!)  \nlucaa - (00:02): xcontext?  \nsdumitriu - (00:03): XWikiContext#put(\"someMarkerToSkipNotifications\")  \nlucaa - (00:05): and modify XWiki.java to skip if that variable is set?  \nlucaa - (00:05): because I am still doing a saveDocument  \nsdumitriu - (00:05): Yes  \nlucaa - (00:05): but that's really ugly  \nlucaa - (00:05): and I cannot decide on that by myself  \nsdumitriu - (00:05): The alternative is to add yet another saveDocument method with a boolean skipNotifications  \nlucaa - (00:06): which is not such a bad thing, is it  \nlucaa - (00:06): ?  \nlucaa - (00:06): I mean, it feels to me like normal api  \nsdumitriu - (00:06): Not as bad as the marker thing  \nsdumitriu - (00:06): But it's not nice, since there are already 3 methods  \nlucaa - (00:08): it feels to me that it's kinda normal to have a method that saves without notifying... although we need to think if it's good to expose it, i mean if callers can't abuse it  \nsdumitriu - (00:08): jvelociter: {{html}}<tt> => #${escapetool.H}  \njvelociter - (00:11): ah right did not though of that  \nsdumitriu - (00:11): cjdelisle suggested it last night  \nvmassol left at 00:15 (Quit: Leaving.  \nlucaa - (00:18): sdumitriu: where do I see the new activity stream thing to test the annotations events?  \nlucaa - (00:18): is it in the last snap? (from here http://maven.xwiki.org/snapshots/com/xpn/xwiki/products/xwiki-enterprise-jetty-hsqldb/2.6-SNAPSHOT/ )  \nlucaa - (00:19): I just installed it and I have nothing changed on the main page  \nsdumitriu - (00:20): The plugin only  \nsdumitriu - (00:20): The UI is comming soon  \nsdumitriu - (00:21): You can use this to list events:  \nsdumitriu - (00:22): {{velocity}}  \nsdumitriu - (00:22): #foreach($event in $xwiki.activitystream.getEvents(false, 20, 0))  \nsdumitriu - (00:22): \u00a0\u00a0\\* $event.type on $event.date by $event.user  \nsdumitriu - (00:22): #end  \nsdumitriu - (00:22): {{/velocity}}  \nlucaa - (00:23): thanks a lot  \ncjdelisle - (00:25): try http://maven.xwiki.org/snapshots/org/xwiki/enterprise/xwiki-enterprise-jetty-hsqldb/2.6-SNAPSHOT/  \ncjdelisle - (00:25): com/xpn/xwiki/products \u00a0is now org/xwiki/enterprise  \nlucaa - (00:26): right, this explains some things  \nlucaa - (00:26): since when?  \nlucaa - (00:26): in any case, i have a local now  \nlucaa - (00:26): but smth is not really right  \ncjdelisle - (00:26): vmassol sent mail about it.  \nlucaa - (00:27): because in the com.x.x. folder the zip.md5 and sha1 \u00a0are still updated today  \nlucaa - (00:27): as opposed to the zip which is not  \nlucaa - (00:28): (thanks for the update, cjdelisle )  \njvelociter left at 00:28 (Quit: jvelociter  \ncjdelisle - (00:29): vmassol and I had this exact same conversation last night, evalica had the same problem.  \ncjdelisle - (00:29): He thinks it's nexus updating the .md5 and .sha1 files.  \nlucaa - (00:29): ok  \nrrodriguez - (00:32): sdumitriu: could you check, please?  \nrrodriguez - (00:33): http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/download/AdminGuide/Configuration/XWikiExport201010272351.png  \nsdumitriu - (00:34): rrodriguez: Looks good  \nrrodriguez - (00:35): K I'll edit the document. I think a new layout is needed to better show the relations  \nrrodriguez - (00:35): I'll think about this.  \nflorinciu left at 01:02 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nrrodriguez left at 02:04 (Quit: rrodriguez  \nlucaa left at 02:15 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu left at 03:51 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \ncjdelisle left at 04:23 (Quit: oops wrong button  \njbrBridge left at 04:24 (Remote host closed the connection  \ncjdelisle joined #xwiki at 04:52  \njbrBridge joined #xwiki at 04:53  \ncjdelisle left at 06:09 (Quit: oops wrong button  \njbrBridge left at 06:20 (Remote host closed the connection  \ncjdelisle joined #xwiki at 06:29  \nsburjan\\_ joined #xwiki at 06:39  \nsburjan` left at 06:42 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nsburjan\\_ is now known as sburjan` ([[email\u00a0protected]](https://dev.xwiki.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)  \nDenis left at 07:02 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nDenis joined #xwiki at 07:10  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 07:35  \nasrfel joined #xwiki at 07:45  \nsburjan` left at 07:57 (Quit: 0x0 Quit  \nsburjan` joined #xwiki at 07:57  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 08:12  \nStulle joined #xwiki at 08:35  \nevalica joined #xwiki at 08:45  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 08:47  \nsburjan joined #xwiki at 09:08  \njbrBridge joined #xwiki at 09:08  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 09:10  \nrrodriguez left at 09:22 (Quit: rrodriguez  \nDenis left at 09:39 (Quit: Leaving.  \nDenis joined #xwiki at 09:40  \nStulle - (09:41): sdumitriu: hey  \nStulle - (09:42): i saw your fix on the colibri and it does indeed work for vertical align  \nStulle - (09:42): \\*colibri skin  \nStulle - (09:43): however, it does not work on text-align... so trying to use (% text-align: right %) in front of a table has no effect, while using (% vertical-align: bottom %) does  \nStulle - (09:45): and trying to use (% class=\"MyStyleExtensionClass\" %) before a table does not work either  \nStulle - (09:48): and using vertical align on cells with multiple lines in ((( ))) groups is not working either  \narkub joined #xwiki at 09:49  \njvelociter joined #xwiki at 09:55  \nvmassol - (10:07): evalica: good morning  \nvmassol - (10:08): evalica: I don't know if you have some time at the moment or not. If you have I'd need your help on designing a new XWiki Syntax page that look appealing and that can scale for multiple syntaxes.  \nvmassol - (10:09): (since we need to start documenting the XWiki Syntax 2.1 and the current page is so ugly\u2026. ;))  \nevalica - (10:10): vmassol: \u00a0morning - right now I'm kind of busy - until when you need it? can I start on monday?  \nvmassol - (10:10): evalica: sure there's no hurry  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 10:21  \nsilviar joined #xwiki at 10:43  \nEnygma` joined #xwiki at 10:46  \nvmassol - (10:48): sdumitriu: seems you haven't updated the top level pom versions on trunk  \nvmassol - (10:48): doing it  \nsdumitriu left at 11:01 (Ping timeout: 240 seconds  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 11:04  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 11:09  \nvmassol - (11:16): guys check this out: http://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Main/Supporters  \nvmassol - (11:16): (bottom of page)  \nvmassol - (11:16): this is nice, isn't it?  \nmarta\\_ joined #xwiki at 11:20  \nrrodriguez - (11:24): vmassol: cool!  \nevalica - (11:24): the twitter thing? :) yea  \nlucaa - (11:25): yes, the only drawback is that it loads empty, it should load last 10 or something  \nsburjan - (11:26): vmassol: cool. is that a macro we have ? :)  \nvmassol - (11:31): sburjan: nope just found it on the izpack web site and copied it  \nvmassol - (11:31): sburjan: would be easy to make a macro of it  \nvmassol - (11:31): (a wiki macro)  \nsburjan - (11:32): yeah, and it looks pretty nice  \nmflorea left at 11:36 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 11:38  \nvmassol - (11:46): guys, I'm doing a refactoring to move the macro transformation and all associated classes (ie all macro related classes) into a xwiki-rendering-transformation-macro module  \nvmassol - (11:46): this is logical IMO since the macro notion is not a core notion of the rendering api  \nvmassol - (11:46): it's an extension brought by the macro extension  \nvmassol - (11:47): if you have any doubt about this let me know  \nsdumitriu - (11:48): +1  \nvmassol - (11:48): s/macro extension/macro transformation/  \nvmassol - (11:49): it also allws people to use the rendering engine without macros  \nvmassol - (11:49): (for standalone usage)  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 11:49  \ntmortagne left at 11:49 (Client Quit  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 11:51  \ntmortagne left #xwiki at 11:51  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 11:57  \njvdrean1 joined #xwiki at 12:07  \njvdrean left at 12:07 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \nabusenius left at 12:13 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nmflorea joined #xwiki at 12:18  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 12:21  \njvdrean1 left at 12:21 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \njvdrean left at 12:21 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 12:21  \nrrodriguez - (12:32): vmassol: ping  \nvmassol - (12:34): rrodriguez: pong  \nvmassol - (12:34): is the issue implemented already?  \nvmassol - (12:34): XWIKI-5633  \nvmassol - (12:35): sdumitriu: re rights checks, it should be done at the Script services level IMO  \nvmassol - (12:35): in the xwiki scripts module  \nvmassol - (12:35): I had sent some quick proposal on how to do this  \nvmassol - (12:35): (on the list)  \nrrodriguez - (12:35): vmassol: I've uploaded a new chart and was trying to get feedback. Perhaps a Jira Issue is not the right place. Just trying to avoid to bother people here and get the work documented!  \nvmassol - (12:36): rrodriguez: if you have uploaded it then it's already done!  \nvmassol - (12:36): if you wanted to ask for feedabck then it shouldn't be put at the target location  \nvmassol - (12:36): it's too late  \nrrodriguez - (12:36): ok  \nvmassol - (12:36): but I thought this was discussed already with sergiu yesterday night?  \nvmassol - (12:36): apparenrtly I'm missing something  \nvmassol - (12:36): I don't understand why you want feedback or a jira issue  \nvmassol - (12:37): (after it's already done)  \nrrodriguez - (12:37): nope, you are not missing anything.  \nrrodriguez - (12:37): it is simple: my fault  \nvmassol - (12:37): ok then I'll close the issue as done  \nrrodriguez - (12:37): ok, thanks  \nvmassol - (12:37): (no point in deleting it\u00e0  \nvmassol - (12:37): it)  \nsdumitriu - (12:39): rrodriguez: The new image looks great  \nvmassol - (12:39): rrodriguez: thanks for doing it  \nrrodriguez - (12:39): sdumitriu: please, could you check this new release? I've slightly changed the layout  \nrrodriguez - (12:39): http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/download/AdminGuide/Configuration/XWikiExport201010281008.png  \nsdumitriu - (12:39): It's not as crowded as the old one  \nrrodriguez - (12:39): thanks to both  \nrrodriguez - (12:40): I miss an explanation about where pdf.css and pdf.vm are located, if at any place!  \nrrodriguez - (12:41): do you think it is worth to include it?  \nsdumitriu - (12:43): pdf.vm is in /templates/, as any other velocity template  \nsdumitriu - (12:43): pdf.css does not exist by default  \nsdumitriu - (12:43): It should be created in a skin or in templates  \nrrodriguez - (12:45): K; i don't know why I didn't find pdf.vm yesterday; I'll add this to the chart. Thanks  \nlucaa - (12:51): guys, how can I skip one class from clirr check? can I do that?  \nlucaa - (12:54): ok, I got it  \nlucaa - (12:55): I was writing it wrong in the exclude...  \nlucaa - (12:55): it's a very strange notation... (/ for package separator but no extension at the end, like a class not a file)  \nlucaa - (13:33): ok, sdumitriu I fixed the annotations notifications but now it seems it takes forever to save a document with annotations in it  \nlucaa - (13:33): ...  \nlucaa - (13:33): is event firing slow?  \nsdumitriu - (13:33): Endelss Loop?  \nlucaa - (13:33): taking time?  \nlucaa - (13:33): I don't know  \nsdumitriu - (13:34): No, it should be very fast  \nlucaa - (13:34): console doesn't say anything  \nsdumitriu - (13:34): As fast as before  \nlucaa - (13:34): I need to investigate and I don't have time right now :(  \nlucaa - (13:34): I mean I don't have a lot of time  \nlucaa - (13:34): if you want, I can commit and you look at it  \nlucaa - (13:35): it's not complete anyway, some extra checks need to be done to improve notifications firing  \nlucaa - (13:35): and also the save document skip notifications needs to be fixed  \nlucaa - (13:38): anyone knows where do I find the logs in jetty?  \nrrodriguez - (13:48): lucaa: /var/log/jetty6 ?  \nlucaa - (13:48): I mean the standalone xwiki distro  \nrrodriguez - (13:49): i don't know  \nrrodriguez - (13:53): sdumitriu: please, could you check this http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/download/AdminGuide/Configuration/XWikiExport201010281339.png? I'll stop doing modifications. Just put Velocity out of the \"flow\" as the other processors and split the note about the URI and XWiki.PDFClass properties. For me, is clearer now. Thanks.  \nsdumitriu - (13:55): rrodriguez: Make the \"Processors\" box pink as well, to match the processor tools boxes  \nrrodriguez - (13:55): K  \nsdumitriu - (13:57): Velocity: remove \"and core tools\"  \nsdumitriu - (13:58): Hm, actually it's not quite correct  \nsdumitriu - (13:58): Since now it looks like Velocity processes the \"rendered pdf.vm\"  \nrrodriguez - (13:59): This is confusing for me as well  \nsdumitriu - (13:59): OK, replace \"ExportAction renders /templates/pdf.vm\" with \"pdf.vm template\"  \nrrodriguez - (14:00): OK, for me the problem was to include the verb  \nsdumitriu - (14:00): Hm, or to make it consistent with the .xsl files:  \nsdumitriu - (14:01): pdf.vm  \nsdumitriu - (14:01): (by default in templates/)  \nrrodriguez - (14:01): and the css  \nrrodriguez - (14:01): perhaps better only pdf.vm\\* and to add a note the same way is has been done with pdf.css?  \nsdumitriu - (14:02): Yep  \nrrodriguez - (14:03): K. I'll do it  \nsdumitriu - (14:03): Note that pdf.vm can also be placed in a skin  \nrrodriguez - (14:03): OK  \narkub left at 14:08 (Quit: Leaving  \narkub joined #xwiki at 14:09  \nStulle - (14:21): btw, reopened XCOLIBRI-239 this morning  \nStulle - (14:21): XSCOLIBRI-239  \nabusenius joined #xwiki at 14:29  \nsdumitriu - (14:38): Stulle: Yep, seen it  \nStulle - (14:38): ok  \nStulle - (14:38): :)  \nrrodriguez - (14:38): sdumitriu: I've made some more changes to get a more consistent layout. Please, check it now.  \nrrodriguez - (14:39): perhaps I could even remove \"rendered document content included from the Initial XHTML box  \nrrodriguez - (14:41): http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/download/AdminGuide/Configuration/XWikiExport201010281437.png  \nvmassol left at 14:41 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 14:42  \njvelociter - (14:43): guys, when is 2.5.1 planned /  \njvelociter - (14:43): ?  \nsdumitriu - (14:43): rrodriguez: Yes, OK to remove it  \njvelociter - (14:43): (if it is)  \nsdumitriu - (14:43): It should be obvious  \nsdumitriu - (14:43): jvelociter: No plan so far  \nsdumitriu - (14:43): When we have enough critical bugs fixes  \njvelociter - (14:43): ok  \nsdumitriu - (14:43): Do you think it's time?  \nsdumitriu - (14:44): By the way, vmassol, who is going to be the release manager for 2.6?  \nrrodriguez - (14:46): Done. I'll update the document if the chart is OK now.  \nvmassol - (14:46): sdumitriu: not fully decided yet I think. I said I could do it. That said I'm off next monday so I won't be avail before tuesday  \nvmassol - (14:46): (for 2.6RC1)  \nvmassol - (14:47): I'm also off tomorrow  \nvmassol - (14:47): so I could do it if we postpone by 2-3 days which isn't good  \nvmassol - (14:48): (tomorrow wasn't planned: some good friend died and I'm attending the funerals)  \nsdumitriu - (14:48): rrodriguez: \"it could also be in a skin\" => \"it can be overwritten in a skin\"  \nrrodriguez - (14:49): K  \nsdumitriu - (14:50): rrodriguez: After that, I'd say it's nice enough to be published  \nvmassol - (14:51): published?  \nvmassol - (14:51): isn't it already published? :)  \nsdumitriu - (14:51): No, it's just attached, but not used in the content  \nsdumitriu - (14:51): Is it?  \nrrodriguez - (14:51): concerning pdf.css, does a copy in a skin overwrite the copy in /template?  \nvmassol - (14:51): well I'm sure it is used  \nvmassol - (14:52): (maybe not the latest version but it's been changed compared to before)  \nsdumitriu - (14:52): rrodriguez: Yes  \nvmassol - (14:52): anyway it's ok  \nrrodriguez - (14:52): K  \nrrodriguez - (14:52): I'll send a new update before \"publishing\" it  \nvmassol - (14:53): rrodriguez: mayb clean all the different versions when you're done  \nvmassol - (14:53): I see a lot of attachments  \nrrodriguez - (14:53): yes  \nvmassol - (14:53): and we could use the xwiki's attachment versioning feature  \nrrodriguez - (14:53): I'll do that  \nrrodriguez - (14:55): concerning XWiki versioning feature, it is cool to keep versioning of, for instance in this case, image files; but I don't now how to use it fluently to keep intermediate stages of the graffle document.  \nrrodriguez - (14:55): I'll try to explain this better later on...  \nsdumitriu - (14:56): rrodriguez: http://platform.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/viewattachrev/AdminGuide/Configuration/XWikiExport201010281339.png  \nsdumitriu - (14:56): Just attach it using the same name  \nrrodriguez - (14:56): yes, yes, no problema about this! we are extensively using this nice feature here  \nsdumitriu - (14:56): Each time you upload it, you'll create a new version, keeping all the older ones in the history  \nrrodriguez - (14:57): yes, but dealing with, let's call them, work files, a LyX document, a OmniGraffle document,...  \narkub left at 14:58 (Quit: Leaving  \nrrodriguez - (14:58): some times we do prefer to generate and store an intermediate version...  \nrrodriguez - (14:58): I think I'm needing WedDAV accesss to XWiki, that's all  \nrrodriguez - (14:59): but I've had no time to try it yet  \narkub joined #xwiki at 14:59  \nsdumitriu - (14:59): Yep, WebDAV for attachments works great  \nsdumitriu - (15:00): Each time you save the file, it creates a new version  \nrrodriguez - (15:01): That's it!  \nrrodriguez - (15:01): I've to test this here asap  \nrrodriguez - (15:06): sdumitriu: let's see if this could be OK. I'm not very much convinced with the paragraph about pdf.vm and pdf.css  \nsdumitriu - (15:09): rrodriguez: Perfect  \nrrodriguez - (15:09): thanks; I'll modify the document now and clean the attachments later  \nsdumitriu - (15:10): K  \nsdumitriu - (15:10): Thanks for the help, rrodriguez  \nsdumitriu - (15:10): And thanks for helping on the mailing list  \nsdumitriu - (15:10): That's how communities work, you get some, you give some  \nrrodriguez - (15:10): sdumutriu, all: thanks to all of you for your hard work  \nvmassol - (15:13): (btw this shows we need a gliffy integration with xwiki)  \nrrodriguez - (15:14): vmassol: please, what do you mean?  \nStulle - (15:14): just a thought, it would be nice if the text below the graph was actually text that can be made searchable  \nStulle - (15:15): it might make the look somewhat less nice, granted, but i think it'd still be preferable from a users point of view  \nrrodriguez - (15:15): I do agree with this  \nrrodriguez - (15:15): absolutely  \nStulle - (15:15): :)  \nrrodriguez - (15:15): If is not searchable, it doesn't exist  \nrrodriguez - (15:15): :)  \nvmassol - (15:16): rrodriguez: http://www.gliffy.com/  \nvmassol - (15:16): (to edit diagrams in the wiki and not need desktop tools)  \nrrodriguez - (15:16): cool!  \nrrodriguez - (15:16): cool, cool!  \nStulle - (15:16): yep, about my point. someone might want to use the search to research on this and if he does not use the correct words but some that are only mentioned in the picture he's prolly not gonna find it  \nvmassol - (15:17): rrodriguez: same as we have the balsamiq mockup integration  \nrrodriguez - (15:17): diagrams are one of the main languages used here  \nrrodriguez - (15:17): time ago I took a look at that. I'll regain access to this thread as well!  \nrrodriguez - (15:18): so: I'll clean attachments, I'll make this text searchable... and keep trying my understanding about this great environment! :-)  \nrrodriguez - (15:18): Thanks!  \nStulle - (15:20): nice!  \nStulle - (15:22): about gliffy, it looks nice but i wonder if it'd actually benefit an open source wiki software to make use of high pricing proprietary tools to increase usability  \nrrodriguez - (15:23): Stulle: it is by no means easy to find the right equilibrium between commercial soffware and open source software  \nrrodriguez - (15:23): even more: i think it is an art!  \nrrodriguez - (15:24): but, for me, it is a requirement  \nStulle - (15:24): i know... doing my own private development (open source) with MS Visual Studio ;)  \nStulle - (15:24): but to extend it i'd rather not make use of payed add-ons  \nvmassol - (15:25): Stulle: if you know of an oss tool that is good for this please let us know!  \nvmassol - (15:25): it's not about oss vs non oss, it's about the best tools for the job  \nvmassol - (15:25): look we're using jira for example at jira.xwiki.org  \nvmassol - (15:25): it's not oss  \nStulle - (15:25): anyway, i figure not all companies are like this particular department i work for and they'd actually make a lot more use of diagrams  \nvmassol - (15:25): I'm using a mac tool  \nvmassol - (15:25): s/tool/too/  \nvmassol - (15:25): with OSX  \nStulle - (15:25): right, this is no criticism  \nvmassol - (15:25): not oss  \nvmassol - (15:25): :)  \nStulle - (15:25): don't get me wrong  \nvmassol - (15:25): but I agree with you  \nvmassol - (15:25): if the best tool is oss we shoudl use it ;)  \nvmassol - (15:26): (even if it's not best but close)  \nStulle - (15:26): personally, i can live with a quirk or two if it's for free  \nrrodriguez - (15:26): that's the point: XWiki is the best tool, you should is it! :-)  \nStulle - (15:26): and usually community support is somewhat more direct, imo  \nStulle - (15:27): but i think many companies are not willing to be this direct... they just want somebody to work it for them or have it working without any ado all together  \nvmassol - (15:28): Stulle: sure but that's not a difference of oss vs non oss, oss can work OOB too  \nStulle - (15:29): you're loosing me in all those abbriviations! ;) anyway, i think i got the ghist, yeah, open source can be very professional but it needs professional companies to support it to be acceptable for companies who want to make use of it  \nStulle - (15:29): that's at least the experience i gather in the company i work for right now  \nvmassol - (15:29): OOB = out of the box  \nStulle - (15:29): still only an internship, though  \nStulle - (15:30): ahhh  \nvmassol - (15:30): yes companies help but it's also about maturity of a project too  \nStulle - (15:30): definately  \nvmassol - (15:30): (and you'll find lots of rubbish products with companies behind)  \nStulle - (15:30): maturity and quality of code!  \nStulle - (15:30): very true  \nrrodriguez - (15:33): sdumitriu: by the way, do you agree about moving the notes out of the chart to make then searchable? I can be also inserted as PDF. This will solve the \"indexability\" problem. +1 for removing them from the chart. I don't know if we have some plugin that shows a thumbnail of an inserted PDF file. I'll check it.  \nsburjan - (15:33): it seems we'll have to write our plugins ourselves :)  \nvmassol - (15:33): rrodriguez: I agree, it's better as text  \nrrodriguez - (15:35): There are few words included in the chart and not being included in the notes.  \nStulle - (15:39): You could just use an office document for the time being  \nStulle - (15:39): that's viewable already and is being indexed by lucene  \nvmassol - (15:40): errr?  \nStulle - (15:41): for all i know there is a view macro for office files  \nvmassol - (15:41): there's better than that: plain text!  \nvmassol - (15:41): why use a hammer to kill a fly?  \nStulle - (15:41): i wasn't suggesting pdf to boot with, i was going forward from that idea ;) but you're right  \nStulle - (15:42): haha  \nvmassol - (15:42): (probably talking at cross purposes)  \nStulle - (15:43): i was talking about rrodriguez suggestion to be using pdf...  \nvmassol - (15:43): what for?  \nvmassol - (15:43): instead of an image?  \nrrodriguez - (15:44): vmassol: to get contents indexed  \nStulle - (15:44): yep  \nvmassol - (15:44): that's really really overkill and we don't have a pdf viewer  \nStulle - (15:44): that's why i was suggesting doc instead...  \nvmassol - (15:44): and it's not collaborative  \nvmassol - (15:44): guys  \nvmassol - (15:44): you're thinking too much  \nStulle - (15:44): true but png is not either...  \nvmassol - (15:44): :)  \nStulle - (15:44): prolly ;)  \nStulle - (15:44): haha  \nvmassol - (15:45): use plain text for \u2026. text  \nrrodriguez - (15:45): Stulle: sorry, but i do prefer forget about Word files!!!!  \nvmassol - (15:45): and use image for \u2026. images  \nvmassol - (15:45): how cool is that? :)  \nrrodriguez - (15:45): :-) I'll stop thinking... what for? :-)  \nStulle - (15:45): i hear you rrodriguez ! i had to start using office again at work after working with OO.o for a couple of years on a very regular basis... sucks!  \ncjdelisle - (15:58): Sent an attempt at answering the question about the future of storage.  \ncjdelisle - (15:59): Call me a cynic but I don't think hibernate+sql is going anywhere any time soon.  \ncjdelisle - (16:00): Hard enough to convince people to stop using mysql+myisam  \nvmassol - (16:00): cjdelisle: we shouldn't care ideally  \nvmassol - (16:00): if we hide this behind our own storage interface  \ncjdelisle - (16:01): The trouble is we don't.  \ncjdelisle - (16:01): xwiki.searchDocuments will break spectacularly.  \ncjdelisle - (16:01): But the query module will start acting strangely as well (I predict)  \ncjdelisle - (16:02): this is based on the fact that I can sneak raw hibernate queries into the query module and get them to work.  \ncjdelisle - (16:03): thus a jcr implementation of the query module will probably break some queries and not others.  \nrrodriguez left at 16:05 (Quit: rrodriguez  \njvdrean left at 16:08 (Read error: No route to host  \njvdrean1 joined #xwiki at 16:08  \nasrfel left at 16:14 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nvmassol left at 16:50 (Quit: Leaving.  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 16:52  \nrrodriguez joined #xwiki at 16:53  \nsburjan left at 16:57 (Ping timeout: 245 seconds  \nrstavro joined #xwiki at 17:01  \nsilviar left at 17:06 (Quit: Leaving.  \ntmortagne joined #xwiki at 17:20  \ntmortagne left at 17:20 (Client Quit  \nStulle - (17:28): are you guys going to publish a roadmap for 2.6?  \nvmassol - (17:29): Stulle: yes, it's been published already but on the list  \nvmassol - (17:29): I'm putting it on the roadmap page now  \nStulle - (17:29): ahh, cool  \nStulle - (17:30): yeah, i am not really familiar with mailing lists so i don't follow that kind of stuff if i can help it  \nStulle - (17:30): seems like a bit of a relic to me in times of BulletinBoards, Wikis and Ticket systems  \nvmassol - (17:31): Stulle: we have a forum  \nvmassol - (17:31): why don't you follow it?  \nvmassol - (17:31): (wikis and tickets systems are not for discussions)  \nStulle - (17:31): oh, i never got past mailing lists when reading that particular line LOL  \nvmassol - (17:32): http://dev.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Community/Forum  \nStulle - (17:32): yep, just noticed it  \nStulle - (17:32): thanks ;)  \nStulle - (17:33): wow, that's a freaking quick release! this team is essence of awesomeness ;)  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 17:57  \nflorinciu left at 18:19 (Read error: Connection reset by peer  \njvelociter - (18:23): scheduler still broken..  \njvelociter - (18:23): Sorry I don't have too much time to investigate  \nlucaa left at 18:40 (Quit: Leaving.  \nflorinciu joined #xwiki at 18:44  \nStulle left at 18:55 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nEnygma` left at 19:06 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nmflorea left at 19:10 (Quit: Leaving.  \narkub left at 19:10 (Read error: Operation timed out  \nsburjan` - (19:12): sdumitriu: ping  \nsdumitriu - (19:12): Pong  \nsburjan` - (19:13): nothing, I just wanted to tell you about the thing evalica reported  \njvdrean1 left at 19:19 (Quit: Leaving.  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 19:54  \njvdrean left at 19:54 (Client Quit  \nvmassol left at 19:58 (Quit: Leaving.  \nevalica left at 20:00 (Quit: Leaving.  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 20:04  \njvdrean left at 20:04 (Client Quit  \njvdrean joined #xwiki at 20:08  \njvdrean left at 20:12 (Client Quit  \nrstavro left at 20:17 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 20:29  \njvelociter left at 20:33 (Ping timeout: 264 seconds  \nvmassol left at 20:46 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu left at 21:04 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nmarta\\_ left at 21:04 (Ping timeout: 276 seconds  \nVitafuris joined #xwiki at 21:08  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 21:09  \nVitafuris left at 21:12 (Ping timeout: 265 seconds  \nvmassol left at 21:59 (Quit: Leaving.  \nsdumitriu joined #xwiki at 22:09  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 22:16  \nvmassol left at 22:18 (Client Quit  \nsdumitriu - (22:32): sburjan`: Ping  \nsburjan` - (22:33): sdumitriu: pong  \nsdumitriu - (22:33): What issue are you talking about? This one: http://img258.imageshack.us/i/classes.png/ ?  \nsburjan` - (22:33): didn't evalica told you about it ?  \nsburjan` - (22:34): theescape tool  \nsburjan` - (22:34): is that normal displayed in the selection ?  \nsdumitriu - (22:34): No, it's not normal  \nsdumitriu - (22:34): Is there a Jira issue created for it?  \nsdumitriu - (22:35): If not, can you create one?  \nsdumitriu - (22:36): Btw, I fixed the EditProfile test  \nvmassol joined #xwiki at 22:37  \nsburjan` - (22:52): sdumitriu: did you commit ?  \nsburjan` - (22:52): sdumitriu: I will create a JIRA issue about the escape  \nsdumitriu - (22:54): Didn't commit yet, waiting for the issue  \nsdumitriu - (22:55): (I have the changes in the index, waiting for the issue number)  \nsburjan` - (23:17): ok. I'll report that tomorrow  \nsburjan` - (23:18): today :P  \nSvenDowideit\\_ joined #xwiki at 23:18  \nvmassol left at 23:21 (Quit: Leaving.  \nSvenDowideit left at 23:26 (\\*.net \\*.split  \nSvenDowideit\\_ is now known as SvenDowideit ([[email\u00a0protected]](https://dev.xwiki.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)  \nlucaa joined #xwiki at 23:27  \nlucaa left at 23:29 (Ping timeout: 252 seconds  \nsburjan` - (23:31): mighty night  \ncjdelisle - (23:32): nn  \n\n"}